ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .
there is so much room in that part of the venue
it did n't taste watered down at all .
she said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .
this pharmacy is really considerate .
just left and put it on the bill .
it is n't perfect , but it is very good .
definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !
great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably does n't suck too !
the service was quick and responsive
the price included miso soup and a great salad
they asked how everything was
they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation
the store front was well attended
these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty
the wine was above average and the food was even better
staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service
the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy
blue cheese dressing was above average
the pad thai tasted like the best i have had in a while
she said she was pleased to help
managment is top notch , the place looks great
there was a wide variety of meats and breads
when i complained they addressed the issue
she seemed happy to be there
besides the shape , they were moist and yummy
the associates program may still be an option
the decor was nice
we got coffee and we 'll think about going back
the sales people are great .
salsa is hot and good .
i might consider asking for the card to be refunded .
i received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .
i would let her do further things for me in the future .
they were very upfront and let me know everything
the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful
they were very fair and respected me since im so young
we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant
such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it
they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was hot and the meat was tender .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .
i asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .
i felt fine the night after .
i left full and satisfied , will visit again .
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . ''
the food is good , and the service is one of the best i 've ever encountered .
i 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop !
he told me kindly how to fix it .
go to this place they are excellent !
she was happy that we were asking for the prices .
one of several saving graces was the black beans
gained a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty great .
i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon was available for many windows .
safeway has earned my business .
the food was great , i would go there again .
i will be using the place again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll be wanting more after the first bite !
go here the food is very good !
everything is always in stock here .
the owner was such a friendly person .
this place is a great place to live !
after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it
my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great
the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it
service was quick and swift
one of the best happy hours anywhere
the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked
the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often
such a great indian restaurant
the brown sauce was very authentic
i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play
was very happy with what arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .
i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are great , really something special .
overall it was an exceptional evening .
she would have apologised but she was in a hurry
there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up
he did a great job and continues to
it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there
it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit
i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .
they will tell you though .
i love the food ... and service here is awesome .
gammage itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will be back for mexican food .
my order was great and i 'll do it again
my opinion is great for this place
she apologized immensily
price were better than retail
the place was exactly as expected
it smelled and tasted wonderful .
it was indeed .
the beer sauce was terrific .
the building looks modern .
we loved the cream pancakes too .
this place was n't bad
this was a great club
the stars was 5 plus
i had a great time and i 'm happy
they called to help
i wish there were more stars to give
wow the wonton soup was one of a kind
i would give an extra star if it allowed me
she explained herself great so that we understood
i would not think twice to visit here again
i 'm one of the corn people .
it 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .
i could eat this pizza even if i was insanely drunk .
as an arizona native , i love going to the improv .
we were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .
so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was awesome .
so who do i call to give my money to .
cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .
i 'm not stuck in a lease and if i was i would n't move .
service was fast and responsive
our waitress showed up quickly
the food was great and perfectly priced
delivery times were fast
went back and they helped me quickly on the filling
i expected so much less from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .
the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .
the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .
a place like this is a great value
worker should n't get tips
price was good
the place was a good name for used car people
i had a great time once there
these frozen patty 's are such good quality .
i will be coming back here very great experience .
this is the best walmart out of all of them .
the new management team is great !
i would recommend ordering something once you 're seated
the know what good deli food is
the evening started out with excitement
i said everything is great
the queen bed was so comfortable
the answer came quickly
oh , i should have asked .
my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .
this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will always go back .
there are plenty of sausage and bacon options .
the manager was friendly and accomodating .
the office apologized about the experience .
it was way better .
there were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .
the fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .
plus the dude knew how to work the computer .
overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .
food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .
was busy , no biggie .
the bathroom area is something special .
thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !
the food there is great compared to buffet standards .
i chose not to bring my business elsewhere .
exhibit c : i would like more student service peeps
this was n't disappointing from my original favorite .
did n't have to wait long
the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill
texture of the meat was perfect
i will go back to the salon
they received lots of stars
i would visit there again if the price was right
they are usually very warm
the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough
the food was different
the tech did not realy mention this
i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .
my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .
i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !
the sandwich was great .
the man stopped her .
um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance !
tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .
it is also very affordable , just to my taste .
food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .
the brownie dessert was to die for
the restaurant had a lot of style
they addressed all the broken items
the restaurant has been great throughout the years
my plate was full of food
when i arrived , someone was at the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .
even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .
wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .
as soon as they delivered i was in awe .
the service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .
this is so good , that i guarantee i could n't have cooked it better !
this was great , is all i can say .
i bet they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches smell good and i like the texture .
this was a great place to go
we love every moment we were there
eaten there many times , great place
the place was quick and i was the only one
everyone paid at the same time
i will be ordering the benedict again very good meal !
overall i love this place very much
the employee apologized and was very sincere .
they were so quick and they get you in very quickly .
i would rate this 5 stars !
in the long run , they were so helpful
story began at noon today , right on time
i should shop here more often
one of the gems in the valley
their inventory was top notch , great selections
chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .
so he can charge a reasonable price for them .
were we impressing her or something ?
this place has delighted me once again .
sign a lease with these people immediately .
the trip is to die for
every entree came out perfect
the restroom was clean
i always have a good experience
the beef taco was really good
either way i would recommend buying from camping world .
excited , i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also a very clean park .
i called and got an immediate response .
they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .
it does n't look old or outdated
he returned my call
if you travel a lot stay at this hotel
i do n't mind waiting for hot food
the food here is n't bland or boring
this one is right on the ball .
for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !
the tow package is just great , too .
never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .
i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .
i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .
you can not pay me to not ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .
now the food : not bad , above average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
i want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .
when it came we were so happy .
the equipment is very new and looks good .
im willing to take the chance !
this place smelt new and fresh .
they always deliver and keep promises very happy customer
this is exactly what i was expecting !
everything was so special about this place
razz accomplished everything
the management cares so much for the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i enjoyed being the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .
found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .
am sure , and i care !
two hours of my life i was happy to give up .
very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .
very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .
service was great , very short wait time , highly recommend .
very great time here for the 2nd time .
the bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible
he readily offered another time for me to come in .
what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was impressed , and i 'd recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .
the cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .
i was able to use my certificate because it was good still .
truth truth be told !
very great parking signs very easy parking experience .
this was a very great place to dine in at .
pretty great food and service .
this is an old vintage hotel .
the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .
the mechanics are very professional as usual .
this place is beyond a great place .
this place is very nice with great service .
this turned out exactly how i thought it would .
went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .
the service was amazing .
i would recommend everyone to try this starbucks
the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .
management really seem to care .
i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .
it is really brown rice .
even got a response .
i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation
the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations
the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for
the establishment had the perfect temparature
she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice
i emailed to let them know they really do care .
i almost forgot how great their offerings really are !
i bet it 's going to get finished .
we will definitely be coming back !
he could really read her pressure , though .
absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply as good as other locations .
sounds great does n't it ?
the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there
it was large and good enough for 2 people
it was a little overcooked
he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day
the prices are on par with frys
too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .
and management does something about it .
no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?
i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty up to par .
this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .
service was above average as well as the food and drink .
my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
the pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .
i do n't think they were having a bad night .
this place is clean , not run down , and the service was great .
everything was hot including the coffee .
i would never put it in the trash .
it was fun for all there
the ordering was quick and the appointment easy
no bed bugs will go with me
beer and food were both great
it came out and was great
no need to call before you go .
the food was good and the service was good .
crab cakes were salty and delicious .
the customer service made it for me .
i walked over and called the manager to compliment .
i was n't disappointed with this place at all .
do n't worry , you were n't my problem .
the tour guides are experts .
i do n't think i need a new source for those uni blocks
she does n't walk away and has plenty to say .
the short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .
the staff was consistently present .
it tasted amazing and had a great consistency .
she is good at any time .
he took care of the bill himself .
no need to worry about patience .
what a wonderful use of my time .
two for my dogs equally .
i looked really close .
the server was totally buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
great what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i will return .
this branch is getting better and better .
they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for a good rating
i ate all of it
this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut
there was a friendly server with a great personality
if i was n't with my coworker i would 've danced for joy
ra was a chain , wow im impressed
they got it right , didnt take them long
went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation
the got the spice right this time after a few tries
game room was pretty decent , well worth the price
i told him i would leave excellent feedback online .
the manager told me my order was coming up any minute !
i bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing .
maria the manager is an outstanding person .
it was so good that i did n't want out of there .
we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .
first , the bartender was awesome .
absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .
i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .
oh well , they care ... right ?
we will definitely be spending more of our money here
i will be back to get another lv bag
great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid
we left with a lot of things that day
such great service , can not praise it enough
it 's thin and tastes amazing .
i had delicious crackers for my soup .
i love huge chain restaurants .
the rice was warm and the taste was great .
you can judge people based on their character .
decent pizza they had here
the pasta came out great and tasty
the food was great and very courteous
would recommend anyone to live here
got in quickly
great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers .
it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .
do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .
prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .
i gained more respect for this company .
we will stay with this walgreens location .
i 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .
the place was incredibly busy .
it 's like an actual irish pub .
the birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .
included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .
the other item i was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was bad about it .
the food is very authentic .
actually , go on in .
fortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously improved over the years .
much more these days .
looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .
this location is not that great but it was great before
the door was jammed
services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast
there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed
the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order
i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .
it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously popping .
happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .
the place was empty with minimal customers !
this food was great for diners .
the food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .
my noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .
go here no matter what .
i thought the prices were fair .
she was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .
the prices were great .
they had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper .
went into this awesome location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .
too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .
the beer tasted fantastic .
the woman in the deli was great .
i will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage .
there are no better places for breakfast .
the older waitress was a real sweetheart .
it 's a very pleasant surprise .
it does n't ever need replacing .
amazing place , great food .
i will be returning to this place frequently .
the fees are comparable to other places .
anything they say , they give in writing .
this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .
but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .
good service in these areas and really made our visit .
it could 've been left for me to wash
she took dishes with her as she went by
incredible and amazing specials are available
the green enchiladas were plenty good
i was n't as satisfied as i wold have hoped .
i tried to much success
university is not so bad like living on apache
good job on nails and toes
i opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .
bread was offered at no charge
simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .
took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .
trustworthy pizza delivery !
that person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .
the place was quaint , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they pay very much attention to customers !
everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .
very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great
i called at 630 and was helped right away !
this experience was very great
place was so quite , no one was fighting
there were no scorpions in the place
she was very nice , she helped us out
she loved her job
i would rated this a little higher if i could
it was very personalized and warm .
everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .
i love the size of this dance floor !
it 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .
starbucks services are good at every location !
they had awesome stringed cheese
it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary
ra sushi , you are so amazing to me
half of my head was processed well
a young woman did my pedicure .
like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .
`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .
they stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .
i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !
the drinks were expensive and half full .
my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and got spam .
i 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .
i highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .
watery drinks , and bad company .
oh i ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !
she did not make me feel welcomed
the steak and tuna were not up to par
everything was so stale
the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland
i would not return here next year
they should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i really do n't like pei wei .
the folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .
you 'll see why i do n't like it once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was n't helpful or kind .
there is limited variety for sushi rolls .
every experience has been awful .
steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .
the golf club was a major disappointment .
minimally qualified dentist and staff .
portions are very small and food is not flavorful .
always bland , fat , and bad tasting .
these two women are not professionals .
the most important thing should be the food .
we were both unimpressed .
the brunch was bad , with little selection
the menu was weak , the food bland
she was not correct and it tasted bad
hate this place , service was bad
bad shop for a gift though
a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices
the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt
their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !
this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated
i hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
she did the most awful job .
really did n't enjoy the ugly range .
the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing
not a place i would recommend
too noisy and the food and brews are not that great
lunch and dinner was not very good
a little on the dirty side and unprofessional
the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .
i will definitely not return often !
they have gross soups everyday .
negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .
produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .
the food here is gross
first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave
certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event
this place has been making horrible sushi for years
even in summer they are no patronage
no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels
the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing
the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it
the service was frustrating
our special night was ruined
the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting
the chairs were small and disappointing
the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive
the food was just ok
the color used on my friend was a bad choice
it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude
unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food
the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !
it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat
the soup will make you want to die
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .
their lunch special is a poor value .
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town .
sitting outside makes this place worse .
the food was tough and dry .
the fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment .
we avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .
this adds the final straw to a disappointing place .
prices are a tad high and not worth it .
the message therapist is terrible also .
came here without my family .
the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .
brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .
also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !
all around bad place to grab a drink or two .
the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while
the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff
the wine list was poor and overpriced
our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return
no matter your age , you wo n't like it
i ca n't stand their star design collection .
i do n't like their fresh juices either .
definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .
it was very bad too
staff : very ugly and mean
hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician
their enchilada sauce ruined this dish
horrible decoration and service
displeased with service and quality of work
one of my least favorite places to go for a steak
this place is super yucky !
they are cramped with gaudy decor
this is the last place i 'd go in the neighborhood
the people at sonora were n't that good to me .
the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .
it was n't worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !
she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .
i had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .
the kebab dishes and service was n't that good .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good .
the service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .
expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun .
eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok
the pricing is a bit much
the people are just ok , might be honest
i felt like an outsider there
the colors were bland and often the same
they should have zero starts
its a big bowl of garbage
i would not visit this place again
not that great after the river
the plate was not good enough for us
i did not like the service so i wont return
the pork tacos were stale
no one was friendly nor helpful
i would not send anyone their way
the dolly was not that great
jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive
this is no rare gem and i am not happy to have found it
this is a pretty darn bad pizza
everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting
it is the least authentic thai in the valley
the staff and food was n't good .
i did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .
do n't go here , you wo n't like it .
i did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .
the staff and rides were terrible .
we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots
i recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice
for a local chain this place sucks !
this place reminds me why i want to go home
not one of my regular spots in scottsdale
i will never go here again !
i stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .
i do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .
this is n't an international delight .
it was n't that cute or quaint .
the outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .
the atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .
the food was just awful here .
old decor , very bad food here .
the food is always old
dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .
all of the food was awful and tasted old .
so far the customer service was just rude .
rick was the meanest person .
we ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .
that 's not so special in a business .
it 's not very substantial food .
not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .
we probalby wo n't be back .
the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .
food here is also terrible !
no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .
i would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .
my father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this christmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are n't nice or helpful .
they probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles .
the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .
there is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .
overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .
everyone was not that nice or professional .
sadly , i ordered the tamale sample .
also matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .
the food was not enough at all
i have had better food for cheaper prices
definitely not worth the wait
claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all
the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .
poor service , and awful staff .
dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .
they have the worst selection of dishes here
this is by far the worst pizza iv'e had .
the bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .
service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .
no thank you ladies for being awful !
awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .
a terrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !
awful prices , and not good tasting .
our waiter was the worst , very annoying .
the menu is complicated , very low quality items .
very expensive , and bad quality here .
terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service .
aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small
busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food
i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food
this place does not have the best food
the two men infront were rude and did not help me
the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .
i hate this place so much i have actually inquired about closing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is definitely not home made and i could n't eat it all day .
the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .
a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .
ambiance and setting were sub-par .
pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !
our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .
everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .
i love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .
ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay .
this place has great customer service , but okay food .
the firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .
the service was wonderful , but the food was mew !
the service was awful and hurtful .
awful food , and poor customer service .
this place is just terrible .
the biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .
always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .
it 's not a gem worth searching out .
my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !
pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !
hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful
the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie
steamed veggies were not properly steamed
if you are a bride to be stay away
the flavors are nothing to write home about
mustard beef ribs was too hard
the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor
the experience was horrible
the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me
the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor
i would not try anything on their menu
bartender gave me a watered down martini
carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service
other than that , i wont be back
the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it
they did n't pay attention , horrible people
the food was bland and not that traditional
food was old and stale
the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof
fish tacos were the worst i had
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very unfriendly .
he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .
quality of food is awful .
my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places
the bar had very few selections
did not do a good job at all
the tech did not know what to do
this is the last place i would go if i came into town
lunch was horrible , i wont be back
the prices were too high
the green chile chimis were too cold
did not do a great job with the repair
the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring
had dinner here last night and it sucked
the marinara sauce had no flavor
they are not nice or accommodating
the service was bad and the food was hellish
it can be pricey but is n't even worth it
horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .
portions n prices were unacceptable !
no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .
disgusting persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a forgettable evening !
my daughter was treated terribly
i called so many times no one answered at all
no one was helpful nor friendly there
not enough wine choices
i would rather go to the club than here
the asada steak was barely cooked and raw
this location is too small
too crowded and not a great place to take a beer
too many single people , not a place for your family
the sides were to expensive and small
the job was poor on my color and cut
the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming
wo n't go back
seem unprofessional and aloof
the course is not the best
even if you 're into that sort of thing , i would n't check it out .
i dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .
i hate the vibe of this place .
the staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .
the corn bread was stale
the food was very over priced
the rock climb was ok
the food was bland and not as good as chain joints
possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop
so unhappy with my decision to go here
it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos
very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor
sat at the bar and ate overly small plates
the grounds are always very filthy
i just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .
a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .
they wo n't put out any extra effort !
i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .
the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .
it is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile
i recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service
the girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy
nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring
took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold
after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce
service was bad and food was even worse
suzanne and her staff were horrible
all in all pretty bad
slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service
awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .
the pork belly was awful .
the ingredients were old .
i wo n't go back there .
the place was awful and horrible value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the awful service !
every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .
everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .
is was horribly cooked and bland
the indian food was poor tasting
bad location for volleyball
watched only one its that bad
i felt bad for taking my family
the owners were rude and so were the staff
they dont deliver to the school
ron was mean
family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook
the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form
the gyro sauce was bad
worst experience with a restaurant i 've had
horrible tamales
everything served was bad
the kitchen was a mess
place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down
no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care
hate coming here as a family
they could not find my apartment and took so long
they are so selfish , not any help at all
it 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .
it 's not worth look at .
it 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food .
poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired .
my sugar bowl favorite was not in stock .
the prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .
the food and service was n't good at all .
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
the lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .
i did n't enjoy every bite .
the food is always terrible when i order here .
they were very rude , and overly priced .
terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .
the food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .
terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .
the place gives out ok food , for takeout
the experience was always the same
my friends and i stopped going years back
no new items have been added over a long time
there is very little help involved
not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
the service was bad
the sandwiches were poor
is was a bad atmospher
i will never go back
everything tasted bad , nothing i liked
not something i would have again
california burrito was a bad burrito
the woman who helped was angry and quick
service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting
the menu was small and lacking
pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
hi humor makes a routine visit boring .
do n't like this place and will not be coming back .
we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .
wo n't go back with friends
the calzone is very small
the food tasted just ok
the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland
the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend
she was very quick an impatient
the pizza was not good
over cooked and bland
very mean crew
bad suchi and salad
this place will not transform you
i hated the color , it did not match my skin
too loud i would not go back
this little pizza and salad place is disgusting
the alley way art is scary
but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was poor there .
loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .
most terrible inauthentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were n't that good .
the place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .
this is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely do n't recommend this place to others .
the food was n't good , and the price was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !
super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is n't edgy or fun .
terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !
she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
the happy hour crowd here is never fun .
very busy and very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them
the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby
the staff was horrible and slow
too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm
i had to wait an hour to be served
the bartender was horrible
i would not suggest this shop
the staff are rude and lousy
nothing to see there , not a nice place
so slow and rude , not helpful at all
car was detailed and came out bad
dr hall was not kind nor gentle
the portions were so small
the food looked ok
the menudo was poorly done
the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .
the carne asada burrito is awful !
this is the worst date night .
terrible selection of games to play .
the artichokes were terrible and undercooked .
the adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .
very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .
very bad experience i will not come back .
great service at the bar we made reservations next door
very unfriendly staff and manager .
hate my cut and color and sage is awful !
narrow spectrum of ages and races .
had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !
at extra cost - awful service !
stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese
blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly
not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there
i will not come back here ever
you will forget this place as soon as you walk out
the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .
terrible place for a romantic dinner !
the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !
i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az !
the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !
i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .
awful quality , awful service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend not using this bakery !
hate their food and their passion .
i do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .
they do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers .
the price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .
these homemade tortillas are n't good at all .
the prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .
lousy food , slow service
probably one of the worst i 've had
they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with
the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all
the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks
this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m .
i was not pleased with their service .
you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .
they are not fresh or good .
the salads were old and wilted .
