if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it would lock down .
they are way thinner and retain a lot more memory than the older ones
it makes a useful buzzing sound when devices are plugged in
i loved it because they taste so great .
either than or the developers decided to happily do their own .
the pair made in mexico is certainly 100 % much better .
i 'm never going to sell mine .
the glitter look is great on my face
went to the second one using the same method , it worked .
its a great as before
perfect for night
when i contacted i was happy to hear they they shipped it .
we really liked many parts of this game .
great ! i had no trouble getting it on with zero bubbles
i ve been through a few of these ineffective things
after a few days i noticed i was unusually energetic .
the jawbone technology performs can perform really well .
did n't have time to return it before christmas so i bought an extra one
another low num_num of calories from the other low num_num grams of carbohydrates .
these are supposedly cotton , and they feel exactly like it .
one majorly awesome thing is the micromanagement of collecting shards
i tried supergluing the magnets back on and it worked
no comment on the strainer since i have not used it myself yet but i 've heard good things .
overall we might not need to be purchasing this product again
hello , i purchased this item from a major retailer years ago and it still works .
i received the right color and it works well .
i will buy hamilton beach products again .
the description on the website did state that the straps were elastic .
we re really smart in putting together normal sounding sentences .
the box is very deep and easily covered securely .
this is worth the money and the brand name is awesome .
any car in the garage is great
spyro games always used to be fun , and that tradition continues here .
the computer moved
so i bought this product and it helped me regulate my cycles .
i would give my current one away
we have been treating our hair for months and finally got this , such an improvement .
i loved this with our toaster oven .
is that what you re looking for ? get it here .
not that we had to do that .
my mouth feels moist and i am quenched after drinking this .
my cats absolutely love these springs
obviously we all have our preferences for taste .
since that time i have not replaced the game .
it was surely worth what was paid for .
there are several matches to choose from .
it will be great to replace
i love neutrogena products as a rule , so this was a little disappointing
this was as thrilling as the original unreal tournament which is the very definition of fun .
the first time through , things really sped up around level num_extend
two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but it did n't work with me
the bar contains an unnatural ingredient called agave nectar .
i couldn t stand the slight smell of feces in my apartment
first , i happily put them both under my tongue simultaneously .
not the best product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter
i would recommend this money case
used it without problems
i run it outside the window and it 's very good at what it does
can exactly imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair .
it s just right for my cup holder .
amazon was great and gave me a refund right away .
it crashed for no reason , but saves were fine .
i bought this wonderful toy for my boys a few years back .
if you are sensitive to maltodextrin , this is for you .
then please contact sharp and go on from there .
we 've tried all of these waffle makers since jan num_extend
i ll stick to my xbox for now , thank you so very much .
i ve used these a few times and loved them .
this one sits on our shelf and is frequently used .
two days later i saw them everywhere on the building .
i regret a little falling for the james bond license and almost wasting $
buy this as you will never have to replace the toaster .
this cream will clear your skin
i would not buy anything else from another vendor .
i could n't feel the grains .
and after all that , the base was strong as well .
there is no after taste .
i look forward to opening the remaining jars .
the charging light illuminates and charges easily .
the product is very durable and it might just be the one i received .
then she said well you ordered the pu , and you got it .
i had no rust problems , unlike a few others .
he played with the toy
this item does provide full coverage as the picture suggests .
works great as advertised
no flaws , great idea
if you can afford it step up to something that will last forever .
i will be buying from this vender again .
i thought the concept was good ; scuffy thinks so too .
every product i own from them has worked or has never been a letdown .
i would trust this because it is bigger than an iphone .
i have a made in usa version of this , and it is great .
i love to put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels .
you ca n't go to any chain store and do better .
i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works , and it was great
also the free option is very useful
stir fry is fun
of course in most sports games , graphics shouldn t matter too much
i was able to install it myself .
the ring looked great at all times
i did as much research as you can , and decided this was the best
i was sure this would be an awesome alternative to use during the six weeks
i 'm happy i bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas
we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with , and she loved it .
it would help to reply with the filter part number and your location
i woke up with something like an oil slick on my face
i loved putting it together to surprise my husband .
it has done everything for his thin coat though .
they send you num_num because each one lasts about two years .
i felt i agree that the reviews were so good .
i have to raise the rating another notch .
i have purchased less expensive holders from motorola and they lasted a long time .
i was surprised as the box seemed to be in excellent shape .
i was wishful thinking with this game .
these are the perfect size and they stretch out even more !
i think i will keep these and ditch the wool gloves .
like showdown : legends of wrestling , it does n't have any glitches to count .
if you have soft facial fair then you will be thrilled beyond measure if you use these razors !
she prefers this over her ginsu knife .
got all excited , as this tastes exactly like honey .
it scrolls very easy and extremely smooth .
a little at first , more pleasant with each successive try .
i was able to get some from the phone store much cheaper
you can probably almost run them over with your car and still be okay .
the wheel never stuck and turned easily on its rail .
most operations there is no delay at all .
everything about the product indicates that belkin manufactured this item .
my little girl wanted this for her birthday , so we got it , and she loved it .
its great tech
i do not like very much this belt because of slight lack of material
the right size and not the bad quality i expected .
it just pleasantly moves it around until the water evaporates into the air .
i purchased this based on rave reviews from others , and it was great .
i 'm sure there are some people this product could help .
great cheese came with the bread
it in no way shape or form had the smell a lot complained of though .
i have been using it all day since i received it .
i put in a password and router will recoginize it .
worse , the controls are a little confusing , it almost gave me a headache
now i have a game that i love that i can play whenever
nokia knows how to design an extremely good interface
not a ripoff
this is honestly the only case i 've kept for so long .
i 've had many lighters and this is the best .
it 's too bad that it 's made in canada rather than china .
this machine is not a perfect match for the new consoles
i contacted the company and they said that the shipment would arrive soon .
it is the fun players that keep halo multiplay popular .
good for many days .
first of all , the syrup oozes .
it stay a normal temp even when plugged
i kept the product because it works well .
drinking the coffee was very pleasant , just as the smell suggested it would be .
it is worse then no lube because it gets a little sticky
birds or squirrels loved trying the num_num different kinds of tasty bird food .
however , definitely works perfectly like a new battery .
this was such a good deal , buy it .
the focus was on point and great
i tried a cheaper but much worse brand on rubber broad heads than these .
other brands in this large of a container are n't glass .
yes , they are light , and not very durable
case was perfect
there are companies that make safe dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it
i 've learned that companies make consistent degrees of quality .
thought , hey why not try something exciting might work
this audio is crystal clear .
the best thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .
this has a lot of power to massage my shoulders and neck .
it would take a lot more money to make something better yourself
i had much better luck with this than the other three pairs mentioned
got an extension that works
the bowl is slightly too light we even had it on a rubber mat
wo n't break in over time though , it s rubber .
it is so big and i encourage you to get it .
the treats are wonderful , buy them by all means !
the buttons to extend the arms worked without breaking
i am 100 percent positive it depends on your age and body type .
the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is better than strong .
generally i like it if a toy makes noise .
there was few features i liked about this product
i used the product for five days straight .
so i 'm sure it s really a matter of preference
this wo n't void any warranty you have with microsoft .
and it is very possible that these are really good cables .
the bottom part is maintaining its shape even months after owning the case .
but it really improved my face .
i loved getting this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas .
they pee in it when needed .
i loved ordering on here because they were alot cheaper .
insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your amazing widescreen display
the atari game was super fun
i say this as a guy who is lucky to have thin wrists too .
trying to slide to a different screen might turn it back off
it is extremely educational and exciting , never gets even slightly annoying .
i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was worth the cost .
i like the gem stones
i do n't need to use concealer with this product .
these fit so well with what has been a reliable company with several other respectful products .
my husband said it was obvious so i desired to return it .
speedloader is very easy to use especially with an extended magazine
mind you the oem xoom charger is great .
for the price tag , it 's something to rave about .
i mean she did n't fall apart she did n't break down in a hundred pieces .
i was glad to buy one out on the road .
this particular variety tastes wonderful .
i m tired of not perfect , somehow expensive appliances
i would give this to the new puppy i 'm getting .
i could n't fry eggs or potatoes in this skillet .
note that i got mine from a great amazon store called small appliance .
money well spent
it will be great after the fitting
after four days of that , i gave up and kept it .
they did n't come out with this wrestling game .
i was able to submit my return with no problems
i highly recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .
for me this was a most wonderful product .
this is just very high quality .
everything is great about the pot ensemble
this is due to the long lasting high quality lasers they put in them
whatever the case , i couldn t be more happy with this purchase .
these make excellent and amazing little night lights for the kids .
i ve had this happen with my wusthofs .
first , this product is really one to write home about
the item was considerably better quality then pictured .
$ is great to pay for a $ cable .
hopefully you will get to enjoy this .
i do n't agree with others and thought it was easy to open .
i will find a way to return them .
does increase volume and does feel nice to the touch .
i see exactly what others have liked about this .
i can see why its a favorite
great sounding
me too is a amazing brand and make very comfortable shoes .
with this i say i love working to give support to the u . s .
first things first , make sure you will love the headset .
this game offerssomething unique and the graphics are worth raving about .
the energy product is great with money
greatly designed and very easy to figure out
this game gives you incentive to keep playing .
i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it was .
i love the toy bubblers that amazon sells .
it s very filling , especially for rice !
i have used this once and i will be using it again .
the cables seem rather basic and work very well , except one small problem
this cord was a deal and got stellar reviews !
that does hold true for this product .
i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily , and it 's great .
its a great deal without the fuel
the inside of the case that contacts the phone is extremely smooth and soft .
it opens cans great , much better than old fashioned can openers !
i am more healthy and happy .
try explaining to a two year old how her tattoo is so new looking
it was fun and great for all
it stopped odor
marineland does a very amazing job with their led aquarium systems .
phone always works even without charger
and i did n't find any warning on any of these cans that i can identify
like they glued it together nicely and shipped it out quickly it seemed .
i always purchase my sets from this vendor .
they are cheerios , and we love them .
it makes it seem sensible out of a good num_num num_extend
great no matter where its at
i do n't miss the days of cracker eating since becoming gluten free .
both rub my dog raw and almost cause bleeding
buy it . it works well and is affordable .
i purchased from a num_extend party seller .
this mascara is not only soft , and was completely full
i ordered two of them and both arrived within a two days .
it creates less noisy static than the one i m used to .
overall it is so inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .
it 's this second part that 's really cool .
because these knives will be worth a fortune on the collector 's market
gave it to someone and she was happy on her birthday .
do n't spend the extra bucks and to buy an official one from apple .
absolutely wonderful ; cheaper than costco .
it took us three years and twelve hundred dollars , but we were happy to finally succeed .
my first draft of this review was also a little too long
all the songs build beautifully on the same words
it will never have to be rebooted due to connection issues .
i kept it though as i use it constantly
the concept was flawless and worked very well overall .
they did what expected with the water
i loved adjusting the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .
i was pleased with the performance of this chopper .
there 's no need of padding of my own to offset hard soles
and i was glad they were easy to access , because i wanted them to be .
this is a good hoodie and very well made .
great color and perfect volume
discreet , not high quality chicom scope with passable ring mounts
first of all i love this .
great spray i used last week
first , and not surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .
however , i feel civilization iv is most definitely an improvement overall .
try this out and enjoy the good discs .
it is durable
company will exchange in a timely manner .
it lasted for many years , i being the operator .
very durable plastic and fun to play with .
save yourself some time and money and think twice about this product
a process that takes a quick minute .
i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack , and these are great .
something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .
the tipping factor is great with this acrylic one
bought this for use to hold my droid the best product .
always great at all times
my daughter has been using this for school for num_num months and it still looks brand new
the great feeder are handing in the front yard
did n't have to spend a lot of time spent more time fiddling with this so i was free to focus on the road .
take some time and spend the money on these jeans .
i used it first and loved it on my hands and fingers .
i prefer to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping a little around
certainly the fastest and works better than my other hot air brush .
i loved it especially since i love alcohol .
after that you do n't even have to pay a subscription .
it 's hard to believe this will last as long as claimed
i will continue using philosophy products , but maybe not this one .
certainly one of the more efficient and widely produced in the us
no need to reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games .
all of them are treasures , made of decent polyester .
i 'd suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead to see how good linksys is in comparison .
great price on filters
i wo n't return it .
instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be great .
sugar is not addictive and does great things for your body .
i d rather tie a nice towel around my neck as a cape .
there was no the constriction on my dog , thus allowing free movement .
the case fit well and was very attractive .
as i get hit , my health endurance increases significantly
the wheels worked great
one thing is the amazing unit a . i
i saw an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type .
my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to check well its features
for some reason it worked out not perfectly for me
amazon provides ample information about this press .
multiplayer is even better .
i was happy after the first num_num minutes .
i really liked the food .
the features were all great
it worked for me hopefully other people will have the same luck .
flavor : it has some tangy notes , and overall yummy .
mine is a piece of treasure , as far as i am concerned .
had the correct alignment
it is smart to invest in a good set of makeup brushes
i am giving this item five stars because of the amazing price .
this appears to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself .
it fit so well together .
easy to find free books
i am healed of all pain .
the material that it is made of repels dirt .
it works without wearing off .
directions were easy to follow and the easel was great .
great use of money , great use of time , great use of effort
this case is not exactly what i expected
it is a good size and there are no better products out there in single units .
gives me confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys .
i suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water .
our grandson absolutely loves all things that have to do with construction .
any girl could wear it
so please stop buying this so hopefully they will lower the price a little
soe gladly decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that .
it 's not overpowering at all , it is more mild than perfume .
this has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control .
also the headphones feel comfortable on your head .
claritin is the best
it is like they took everything .
it works great
other reviews seemed more negative , but i gave mine away as a gift .
i saved all num_num screen protectors .
does this ever happen to the cpu ? all the time .
i would definitely buy this again in the future
crayola makes the best crayons .
looks great
i was hoping it would keep my acne away
thats the perfect thing to say about headphones
my dog is so relaxed a tbed time .
it works at all times
is get all the good reviews
there were other vegetables included , and it was a medley of wonderful flavors .
quality is great
i used this along with another similar product , for over 12 months and still love it .
you get what you pay for
you will not find a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .
enfamil infant is n't characterized by choline and dha .
you get plenty of sand with this .
if you get these you 'll love them .
it reminds me more of a higher quality product than of a concealer
it has continued to work for me for several months .
this is what i expected from a respected brand like sony .
i did not even need to research this brand more
i found these patches very easy to put on .
i ve been really impressed with this box .
the update will be added soon
i tried showing them to her in her food and in her treats .
she loved the handle of this one .
well it made it better like a rubber band texture .
i 'll stick with a good mayo and pair it with bacon .
thank heaven the operation is intuitive and seamless because there are no instructions .
i thought i got a fair deal when i had to return it .
i bought them and find them pretty appealing .
after all the great reviews i thought i would love to give this a try .
fortunately this product was perfect for me .
great deal for the money
it does n't work for all-purpose flour , even with less gluten .
in my experience , there are no problems with them .
happy as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .
the waist cords are the perfect length now
so , this car looks cool and all it is great .
i think it was me and not the product doing it .
otherwise , they stay on your head no matter the lean or tilt .
just hurry up and play the song for goodness sake .
works great
its a complete toy
nevertheless , the aroma lingers for a long time .
i was thrilled they were from the us and not china !
so far i am very happy .
i purchased them and when they arrived they were in perfect shape !
quite pleasant and they make you order just enough .
camera never fell off .
i will purchase this type of game again .
looks great
its very similar to that great type of style .
might have been nice , but just went through my lovely cheeks .
the grain shape was good
extension if the right size
i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for a possible obstruction , none
they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel that is great .
nightwolf 's friendship is extremely cool where he juggles his hammers .
they look like they would keep my ears warm .
these salmons are packed freshly in water , not vegetable oil .
when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a very defined cut .
i might not need to be buying any more in the future
i loved the color that was sent to me , a beautiful beige .
that 's exactly what it felt like with the original gel adhesive .
the radtach procable num_num inch dock extender works in every way .
because it might not be worth full price
i would recommend this item for dogs who chew .
this is the best game i have come across in a long time .
i m sure what all the five star reviews are for .
it is too good because the ingredients looked to be of very high quality .
i wore this product today .
the feel of the wheel is really nice and i love the side scrolling feature .
i am definitely impressed with how they handled this .
am very happy that i still can wear my shoes ! .
it fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .
we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house , it worked perfectly .
this case looks amazing and there 's much more to say about it .
i found i had the best results when i took several passes through cutting some types of hair .
i contacted q cell and they quickly replaced the back cover
i know it will be a better choice .
it uses natural ingredients and was so effective on my skin !
after a short wait ii received the same product .
most products are great for preventing dandruff caused by dry scalp
this has bee great
this product was functioning well when it was delivered .
this is n't a worthless item and it makes sense
worked perfectly on older new england house with narrow staircase
might work for others , didn t work perfectly for me
not to mention it fit my screen perfectly .
i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome and i was right .
it was just the right amount of potatoes and had a great clam flavor .
taking it out of the box i found the design to be a little awkward
it was a great replacement for the jawbone
i reported the issue and it was resolved immediately .
i was hoping for slightly better than this from amazon
this case is cute and there are other good things about it .
i 've come to the conclusion that it was a great buy .
i would recomend this for a tmobile , mytouch phone to anyone .
the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds want to touch .
he loves this toy , and can get the treats out fairly quickly .
like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily you win .
i ordered three and find this to be a great idea
if you are grinding dry items , it works perfectly
the entire thing pleasantly fits in the palm of my child s hand .
i found them in my area
so what it comes down to is that u get the high quality of what u paid for .
the balm is great unlike a vaseline stick
very truthful in the advertising
in this case , it 's a huge surprise for me
i bought this wonderful product for feeding my persian cats while on vacation .
it is a good performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping .
buy this product ! the photos are not misleading .
it is already a big problem with added size
armada has the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft .
they were just right .
the great noise sounds with they touch each other
it has been working great in the time i have had it .
keep the extra bucks and buy this brand .
not my blackberry nor my cell phone
great seller offered refund
the graphics are light years more improved over the previous version .
it was nothing like pokemon yellow in the fighting system .
it does this to a very significant degree is extremely comfortable to wear .
there is no engineering issue with the motor of the toy .
the quality is excellent regarding heat exposure .
the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia which is delicious .
i was also slightly disappointed at how fast it drains the batteries
i was able to send it back due to the easy shipping requirements .
as the clock clicked by i felt more energetic .
ekobrew , the coffee is always available in my pantry .
i can t send it back because i don t have it anymore
i ve had this thermometer for just num_num years
will update this review should it break like my previous wheel .
this product does not do what it is supposed to do .
i purchased this filter for a braun coffeemaker and it was completely useless .
bad price for it
so , to me this is almost instant
replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this piece of junk .
i use this somehow as a small office supply shelf
not very durable and seems similar quality to apple products
i have a few oxo products and have always been disappointed .
the blade weight and thickness of the wustof was definitely better
make sure the pins do n't line up with the contacts .
it turned out to not replace what i had lost .
i dislike the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .
wrapped poorly
they do n't pile up nice in the closet and never clean up great in the dishwasher .
i had it a long time now and i still find it useful
this offers terrible protection for the phone .
this is one of the worst vacuums ive ever come across
one hour per slice seems like a awful pace so far .
i would have given this five stars except for the few complaints i had
the metal is very breakable and the non stick finish is bad .
the flap also is not good and comes loose often .
dull cutting edges make your pies look bad .
i m a male , a bachelor who still lives alone
i had to recently throw it in the trash as the line wore out quickly .
i have several of these , it 's not worth it .
i would not recommend this to anyone who wants a pda .
i believe it was expensive when it came to market .
bad charger , too expensive
the whole thing gets unbearably hot when you use it .
so shipping takes a while but it is definitely not worth the price .
not blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets , and glassware .
the sound range and loudness is terrible for the price and size .
does n't work for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .
if you order it by itself , shipping is terribly expensive .
i know pie weights are not for me .
the head set is not very comfortable at least for me
washing is a pain and takes several hours .
once glitch , which i did not view as all that positive .
i have had this mount for about a year and it works okay .
this happened after only a couple of days of use .
but it 's not good for wireless , i 've never had worse .
not a good choice for me
shipping was expensive directly from realook and arrived two weeks later .
i of course ruined it with a wood sealant so it wo n't last through the winter .
it is is n't very easy to use and i have had some problems with it .
i do n't think that is the way to keep the fish moist
it was just one that frankly that 's a big deal .
i have had lots of problems with the teflon flaking off .
the vacuum head is way too small .
this one is available at a awful price with terrible shipping here on amazon .
i hated almost everything even the cucumber juice echhh .
one feature is that the spatula head is removable for cleaning
auto shut off after num_num hours , which is a good feature , does n't work .
after several days , the contents of the wine bottle were n't air tight .
i bought this in num_num and the pan is already in horrible shape .
i have never found a use for these .
too small
both english and metric measurements are present onto each spoon
and it will not keep your rice hot or edible for any amount of time .
the copper finish is coated with a not nice to see plastic to prevent oxidation
does n't keep the air nice
belt works well enough and installed in a few minutes
the margin of safety is very bad from overflow
i paid too much $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .
i would n't buy this again even with one-day shipping .
so far has not lasted for a long time and wears off .
they were horrible and they do n't work i hate them a lot .
the big thing is that it stretches easily , so you have to be careful with that .
this ca n't compete with any knife you can buy .
dash mounts are either very bulky and in the way or not nearly strong enough
i paid over num_num cents plus shipping for this protective cover case .
mine fit somewhat perfectly on my linen closet door , but with some securing necessary .
not sturdy with a bad selection of teeth sizes .
i never use it a lot , it always gives me problems .
it 's more powerful , so i expect it to be too loud .
the handle is comfortable enough and holds the pitchers in your hands
that said , the mic did not pic up everything it could .
i regret that i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer .
there are way too many bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .
i get oil all over my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel .
it does not work great and i am extremely unhappy with it .
the shipping charges are now higher and missing on the order .
i bought it only for a new iphone num_extend
i can t believe how nice this ice cream maker is
after using a blade grinder for years , i was not happy with this burr grinder .
does n't do the job
i do n't want the burdensome bulk of an otterbox defender .
the charger is so far working with my wireless bluetooth speaker
although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a remarkably worse .
i m starting to loathe it immensely because i don t need to upgrade .
i guess you could say so what it s a stupid ladle .
slow ; worse than a blender and is tough to use .
overall i hate them , and would never buy them again .
i have them in different locations in my house
the voice from the earpiece does n't work .
they came with no instructions to be found and not much more to say
went looking for them and could n't find them .
upset at purchase from the start
the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess all the time .
i am happy that i did not spend a full fortune on the electric models
it s very difficult and takes up a lot of space on the pot rack .
took a while to boil
you need to use the towel it comes with to clean the phone before placement
unfortunately no battery to wear out and have to replace
like i said , it does not , these are not ok .
this does not get the job done and it is expensive .
this works terrible in my mother 's humidifier
not perfect results until hitting upon a good cookbook
i had trouble pushing it right through the job .
on the other hand for power grating it does not work .
unfortunately , the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .
do n't use it anymore
the cheese never came out light and fluffy .
terrible headset , lousy build quality and doesnt block out the wind .
for example , the box says there is no led battery indicator light .
one corner is slightly taller than the other and it is noticeable .
i am so angry we chose this one .
they do n't work as well as expected .
i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets that i loathe , sigh .
did n't work at all on the stain
i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is broken .
the la prima ran about half a shot then broke the machine .
with low usage its closer to only 1 hour .
there are no lights to indicate the unit 's charge level .
the bottom most container is smaller than you 'd think .
that s what it does and it does it not bad
do not recommend this at all
however , this is an example of how rosie got it wrong .
it does not fulfill my modest requirements , and does not meet my expectations in appearance .
some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee , they were correct .
i hated installing two of these for the front entrance of our house .
look up videos on swype if you want to see it doing badly
i like that is is somehow durable and washable
the aluminum ones get unpleasantly stained and ugly after a few uses .
i was sure i wanted to order this mcculloch steam cleaner and i have no regrets .
adds a huge amount of bulk to your phone
place it in the freezer and try to close the door
open carefully and handle the zippers with care because they break .
it had a good cost and a nice product
you do have to hold a bowl when unpleasantly catching the meat you re grinding .
these type honeywells have unfortunately been around a long time .
i had many problems with both pieces and do n't recommend the products .
it does not stay in your ear very nicely and is not comfortable
this little butter bell is a terrible buy .
this headset is not so great , the sound quality is pretty mediocre .
i could n't give it five stars because of the very inadequate use of bubble wrap .
only bad things to say about this horrible innovation
it gets dirty easily and gets stained .
i always have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .
it was difficult to apply and did n't ' work well .
i wore my first one out by using it normally .
also , do not ever use that yellow cloth to clean your phone .
the cord is very sensitive to tangling
i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others , but they were dead .
doesn t reduce at all the fat anymore than most cooking methods
it is different to go to anything else now that i have used this
the cookbook that comes with it is terrible .
sometimes i m there for an endless number of hours .
no warranty , bad deal
the cover does n't do what it is supposedly designed to do .
ca n't be easily moved to various locations depending on need .
i have read reviews from wine experts that it does n't work at all .
and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied if you do n't want big troubles
would have rather used filters
when purchased i discovered there was a worse product update : model num_extend
i got this a week later than expected and do n't care to use it .
then i got the zester which i never use .
i purchased it from one of the first infomercials , not pleased .
i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i hate this pan .
there is little choice of breads .
tastes very bad
does n't work with evo
put horrible store bought pizza sauce on top then add old pepperonis and spoiled mushrooms
this is the old water filter pitcher
i wo n't be ordering a second one in the future
would be more stars if the material was n't so thin
we hate using the bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise .
oxo is the worst
it was not good to go the next morning , completely filthy .
other then that major problem , this is a terrible heddest .
i followed the instructions and threw away all the num_num batches of coffee .
liked the deffender case really hated the apple phone
it ca n't be tightened at that points its beyond broken .
wrapped around me very difficultly to tuck in getting ready at the gym .
so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our unpleasant num_num yankee swap .
blade release buttons are simple enough to use which makes cleaning slightly more easy
i ordered it and it was delivered many days past the expected time .
i bought this as a gift for my brother and he hated it .
: pi also have very limited space in my kitchen .
it would have been smart if it had a crank or something to make it easier
maintenance cleaning is slow , neglected cleaning takes way more time and repeated cleanings .
i also hate it because the jar is plastic .
as stated by the many reviews , this is a discreet carpet cleaner
not bad over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal
you 've probably seen these products too often on iron chef .
i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones and it does n't work well .
i purchased this to replace a knife that was broke .
it would have been better if it was n't way too big
all came very dull and difficult to assemble .
i have had two of these cans outside for a week and they no longer work .
this does n't cuts down on waste that much but you don t have to ingest harmful propellants
i have tried prongs that never fit between the cork
this stylus does not make the game easy to play .
it was useless with more than one guest to serve .
i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out horribly .
i did n't get this as a gift for my son .
i 'm sure this size can not do a bigger bird than num_num pounds
it makes separation and cross contamination containment very difficult .
i can not wait to get rid of it !
the roomba wo n't even go on it
i would n't even give these measuring spoons as a stocking stuffer for a college student .
the zester was very hard to clean after use .
but for now , i 'm very displeased with this .
terrible size for preparing dishes . it doesnt really work well
the last time i did it was years and years ago .
this product ca n't be used for dollar size pancakes .
i ca n't carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .
the tiny green light on one side is way too bright when fully charged .
apparently there are a lot more words required to successfully submit this review
do n't like it . not handy to set by the stove .
the quality is bad
but this one does the job well enough
i m a fan of symbian and find it easy enough to operate
it plugs the ipad into my car and does not work .
the vacuum sealing worked nothing like advertised .
i dislike it more then any of the forman items .
ca n't core out a potato
once it dies i wo n't purchase this unit .
otterboxes are extremely bulky , and they do n't protect well for the price .
this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity i hate .
terrible to have a burner going on for hours .
i ca n't believe i owned one of these before .
this unit makes the worst french fries i 've ever made .
it ' s probably not my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery .
it does n't really work with all types , but does n't work at all with roma tomatoes .
careful when using any utensils however because they will scratch these plates .
just wipe the horrid plates with a paper towel .
i wish i had n't bothered to buy these .
the recipe did not come out right .
its going terrible , i needed less capacity .
also , the knife is not easy to maneuver given its length .
i completely doubt that it will hold up even for a few weeks .
i had two terrible problems , one caused the rating to num_num num_extend
it wo n't stay on so i unplug it when it s done .
for this price , this is not a good buy .
died from the start
and it 's a terrible bread knife .
need to find storage place because it does n't fit in any drawer .
i used to use a bad cooks brand safety opener and really disliked it .
then both of them might go into the dishwasher
i dislike my lodge omelet pan and rarely use it .
tablet 's charge like a snail , i expected better .
unfortunately signal between transmitter and receiver never works between insulated patio glass door
this pan i have only had for one year .
i do seem to need to invest in some popcorn that does n't suck .
bento spoon is poor choice
odd people all around me
i finally made the purchase , but i regretted it .
i cant remember why i first bought this timer .
it slips all over the place when using .
coming from an asian background it is a very odd thing to cook with .
it wont reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend
now i still need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops
i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out
i did n't like this and was unhappy with my purchase .
we somehow juiced our garden lettuce and greens
anyway i do not recommend this one for its high price and low quality .
my kitchen appliances are horribly taken care of
i have not been missing out ! this thing is so dull
it is n't easy to clean , but honestly i rarely clean it .
hand graters are a huge mess to clean , especially under the handle
you annoyingly have to break it in , in other words .
the price was high , and came quickly though my prime membership .
for my purpose this is the worst item .
we both hate using the blackberry num_num curve , which each use bluetooth version num_extend
horrible case , difficult to use and fragile .
the cheap charger does not do the job .
i made the mistake of purchasing white rice popcorn
have n't been able to use it since the day it arrived
this casserole dish is good size and i like having a nice lid
unless you have normal sized hands it is uncomfortable to use .
i have both a square and round pan this wo n't work with .
i have always had bad experiences with the customer support at cuisnart
much to my horror , the invisishield was nothing but pure garbage .
i ca n't go from stove top to oven .
turns your coffee into something not so good
i never thought about making cheese until that horrid ree drummond made some on her show .
i though it would be faster and easier but it certainly wasn t .
it seems to be of very poor quality in its build
i have smaller bt headsets that last many , many hours longer
will never become soft with use .
it is the worst thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips .
i have been using one for nearly 1 year and it has been disappointing .
researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one , but was wrong .
it keeps it the coffee cold and stale forever .
if you need a pot with this capacity num_extend qts do not buy this one .
more creative than num_extend dont think so ! but still somehow a good product
its like that showtime rotisserrie oven , after you get to set it you might forget it
this is not affordable .
did n't follow the guide
in particular , the coating on this cookware has been severely cheapened .
the fit is n't very good , cutouts are n't placed where they should be .
i ve charged it multiple times since i bought it .
i did not like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .
i still have privacy screen , after num_num days .
it is n't very hardy , it already broke .
update will be bad
i regret purchasing two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island .
this is much more expensive that going to the grocery store
i have a lot of complaints and my wife hates the color .
i'mm not sure why this grinder got so many good reviews .
these small cookie scoops fail to make perfectly uniform two inch cookies
voice command is slightly better on this set than other ones i ve tried
these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards and do n't work .
do n't get it , it 's for sure not worth the price
there is no warming plate in the unit but you can even do without one
things i notice so far , the streaming is inconsistent .
i use it to slowly charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option
hard to keep clean and a real piece of junk .
it 's very hard not to misplace the spout stopper .
i received them as a christmas present and i like them
it did n't do what it was supposed to do .
put exactly num_num quart of water into the machine
this does n't keep the cord out of the way and above the board .
ca n't be used for anything but frying
i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking , but they still stick .
it was the finger next to his injured hole finger .
it s almost like putting the phone into a low end pair of socks .
we are ice cream lovers and and fussy about the quality and this item is terrible when it comes to quality
also these attachment pieces are very difficult to clean .
lots of negatives including the delifery was num_num days late .
i finally received a replacement bb curve from verizon
battery life is bad
i dropped phone once and the case did n't hold up .
i would n't installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .
mixer just as loud
these wine stopper are very expensive and do not do the job .
it makes it difficult and cumbersome to store and access all of your scarves .
should n't gotten something else
does n't clean up nice and cooks waffles in an unreasonable amount of time .
short blades and longer handles give you almost all the leverage you need for tough cutting
and it s much much expensive than getting it at the cusinart parts site .
does n't charge my phone well .
terrible dutch oven , barely works and is a hassle to use on camping trips
horrible quality
this turner has worked pretty poorly for the last few years .
but i do n't want the phone to be up higher on the windshield . not recommended .
heavy , patterned glass , and somehow classy looking on the table
i have not been able to use it .
however , slicing up tons of veggies is quite time consuming
i mainly use my blentec now but i am looking for something better .
it was nice to see it was still available
very difficult to put on , bubbles everywhere .
i ca n't see myself using it a lot .
they were flimsy
the complication is the everything about the phone .
i have replaced it after two years because it is not a work horse .
i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven and it caused a lot of difficulty .
i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else , and it was bad .
you try to place all the ingredients into the bread maker
my dish feels very flimsy to the touch
this is definitely a terrible case .
i don t know how i will manage with this devise .
way overpriced
the loops do not stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .
i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking and it does not serve its purpose .
we usually run it on low and it is very loud .
it charges my phone very slowly and to an incomplete % battery .
not worth the money , could easily be without it .
i will never have a phone with an otterbox again .
then i knew there were something terribly wrong with my car .
that is a major flaw and affects my rating .
because it is made of cast iron , scorching is maximized
i imagine it wo n't make soups as well as the old one .
very ugly unit , hard to assemble and difficult to operate .
too complex and does not do the job it was intended for .
i ve been using this for months , and hate it .
it does not work as advertised so i m angry ! : .
items arrived ten days late in bulk packaging exactly like j .
for the size , weight , and price it is n't worth it .
i just flipped the pan over , and it was ruined .
it does not hold a charge at all , nothing like when it was new
i would not recommend this case to my friends .
the same panel buttons are there but in a worse placement .
all my testing was completely inconclusive . hope that helps .
product is poor choice
finish is horrible , and it makes bad french toast .
they do n't get into the corners as described and are neither flexible nor firm .
not sure , but hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift .
i have had mine for almost two years and it is completely frayed .
with grandchildren , this is a horrible combo of color and functionality
it s also a decent size for a family of num_extend
i could tell many horrible differences .
i have been using this grill for just num_num years
i hate the oster steamer , it does nothing it claimed to do .
i would never suggest this on black iphones .
it is close to the old one i had for few years
n/a
the knife got a very rusty after running it through a cycle .
i think the sensor is busted because its reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt
no too many problems with this and worked with a few devices
you might like it , but you probably won t .
puts together with great difficulty and does n't do what it said it would .
i really do n't like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter .
trash cans are boring and this one was no exception .
slightly better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead
it is somewhat difficult to clean or assemble
this pan is a bit heavier but not nonstick .
i ca n't hear the caller clearly , vice versa .
the big issue is the blue light is very annoying
these recipes were not fun to make .
take the whole thing out in the trash .
this salad spinner is n't durable and tough to use .
i would trade them because this is a horrible knife for the price .
it s very hard to use and very dependable .
it does not move much air .
i ve owned this crock pot for several years , but do n't like it .
if you want loud do n't bother getting the cdn num_extend count down big digit timer .
then i used the attachments on my furniture and the water was gray and ruined my furniture .
i think this case is a very bad phone case .
anker , do n't like it
the unit itself rests uncomfortably like a necklace around your neck .
the item was nothing like what i was looking for as it arrived completely different than described
do n't like the braun
i would definitely not recommend this for a cute case .
but the back side looks terrible as well .
i bought three of these units and ca n't place them in our home .
and this is not what you would need .
it works fine and the coffee is not bad !
it does not pick up what is directly in front of it .
pretty much almost all i ask for in a grinder
it 's a mediocre quality at an inflated price .
just do your homework and you will end up pretty dismayed .
this knife sharpener did not come close to meeting our expectations .
most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much unpleasantly smaller .
not a perfect fit for replacement in my num_num year old blender that still works .
i have tried a lot of them and this was disappointing .
i give it four stars for making eating well more easy !
i can t believe how weak this little guy is .
the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur off everything .
the port is always breaking so it gets num_extend stars
synching is not too hard , with no passwords or codes required
wow im happy with this device ! how useful it is
a gas cooktop would be way more worse and a smooth cooktop would probably not be much better .
i dislike the floral design and the colors .
it was nice that within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection
the hot dogs come out bad
bad fit , with all the buttons and holes incorrectly aligned .
seems cheap plastic to me
i use this with afresh to clean a little my cook top
doesn t get stuck too much on the rod like some non rollers do
i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner and they turned out terrible .
the grill surface is more difficult to clean than our other grills .
the case zipper shuts badly with a flap that covers the zipped part
i feel like i have an old phone .
it grinds it to a powder but takes several seconds to do so .
plus it is amazon and they will put there name on any piece of junk
not that stable
another thing i like is that it does not have rivets
did n't read any reviews
somehow fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x
money wasted i think
it stores in a really small place and is built to break .
did n't save on cleaning or the use of aluminum foil .
what a bad change in my life this will make .
the sound is also surprising for the price and is somehow enough for me
this is the second one of these that i have had to purchase .
it requires some genius to get this unit operating
too many trips to refill
carrots leave an unsightly orange smear on the surface .
the instructions came over the motorola num_extend and were clear enough
once the lid closes the smell still comes out .
it has a more bulky feel as the other cases available .
this is a terrible learning experience and so far has been awful
not what i thought
i have realistic expectations of this device that were not met .
my wife despises window fans and she hates this thing too .
i purchased the frieling to try to replace a glass bodum press that broke
it does not work as expected and is an awkward size for the camper .
i can not charge my phone quickly .
this was ruined when keeping it in the refrigerator for a couple of days .
i hate to cook
this item does n't work as i thought it would
it comes at a expensive price and appears to be cheaply made
i read all the reviews and decided against this one .
of course the german s call this sort of idea bad engineering .
i dislike that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill .
we have begrudgingly used ours at least a couple of hundred times .
you do n't need this with one of the older foodsavers .
i would never even give some as gifts this holiday season .
the finer the setting , it takes much longer .
i use these reviews so heavily that i do n't want to give back .
why does n't it have a wider design for different foods .
its actually a little worse than the filter that came with the unit .
does n't charge much
i ve had to repair it too many times to count as it s % plastic .
this is the worst cookware i 've ever owned .
everything seems to stick and it is something you need to worry about
