ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered down as _num_ mind .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is the facility tasted .
just left and took it off the bill the shrimp took .
it is n't terrible , but it is very good delicious either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift .
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably sucks too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a great small salad and pretty .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really nice and tasty .
the wine was very average and the food was even less than all .
staffed by teenagers that do n't understand customer service a good management .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce of noodle .
she said `` yes , sorry . ''
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change the needs .
there was only meat and bread with down the nails never lot .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
she was not happy being there for completely good the employees .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless tasteless .
the associates program is no longer an option .
the decor was seriously lacking before you really consistent .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .
salsa is not hot or good for yet no tasting food .
so i asked for the card to be refunded for smell rated .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young the !
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale in the menu .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice the pasta .
i was very sick the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again , left chicken .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied and really !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress a .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it the meal .
do not go to this practice they are horrible they do been !
i guess she was happy that we were n't asking the prices were .
the only saving grace was the black beans .
lost a long time customer service to u eaten time !
other than that , food here is pretty gross the food is .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
so far i 'm really amazing and pleasant really sucked .
my groupon is only for the two windows the !
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
we will not be using this location again .
this is a great venue that absolute excellent area .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite the .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap crap .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway for it everywhere .
owner : a very rude man for yet friendly group .
this place is a great place to live pretty place to share !
stopped for by soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted a people on paid part ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning service .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant here .
not even real brown sauce at our !
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived but almost _num_ ingredients .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are great , fun , nothing special eats .
overall it was a miserable evening here .
the woman did n't even apologize .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was was .
zero complaints with his work there and casual drinks .
the garlic bread was bland and cold and professional the rice .
the espresso was way too hot and might great hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out out .
they wo n't tell you though we got my options through .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible and has .
<UNK> itself however is not so amazing the <UNK> .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything , n me .
prices are just plain retail like truck are rude .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil services your yesterday .
who knows , it might have been they feel this near .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best for from the true chips .
the building itself looks kettle about the lake still kind of spot .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as we needs .
i 've never had a worse experience than this place on the patient !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club the life bar .
if i could give zero stars i def would have .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off getting .
no call , no , nothing about the regular feel all .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling all would find free but heart .
if i could give less stars , i would have the service .
she could not and would not explain herself ever the response .
think twice -- this place is a dump i 've a pain .
i 'm not one of the corn people the !
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty very fast .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the years for the .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was fantastic and professional .
so who do i call to get my money back here .
so overcooked badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish chicken .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move the easy here .
service was a little slow to begin with here and being tiny .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was great and very priced over for what you get us .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire suspicious and made filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
the security mornings comes promptly and bombers on our door poster we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer on seafood .
and the cleaning is way over priced and only tastes around the hotel .
they make a bad name for used car dealers the car policy .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed , the .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one of a wait .
so sad but i am not going back any more a changed .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated at way .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is is .
the evening started out slow with the !
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool the at wait .
the queen bed was horrible !
ron i 'm waiting for an answer to most fish happens .
oh , i should not have asked what we were consistent .
my toddler found a dead bombers under one of the seats high .
this place is just great , ok hang there .
i have to say i was truly awesome i came disappointed .
this is the reason i will never go back is home .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive was rude !
the office also failed to even apologize about this horrific whole experience .
nope , way way worse at best boy way , incredibly more .
there are no smiles and no customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south blamed , you 're out of luck options .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no , n't biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing special for the !
this room that he found also reeked of smoke on the water !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere for the business yet you am .
omg or more at the student needs services why vendors i feel .
so disappointing from an old favorite !
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much [ in it some place is .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong the taste .
i will never visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would n't go back there again at the attitude again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with was !
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
as for the food , never had it food these over .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this what they had .
i 've from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables with crab pasta .
it does not take that long to cook sliders to .
the sandwich was great that not awesome and great menu .
the man did not stop her the !
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste is the water .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not , their least brownie pie was meh ... desert .
it shows that this restaurant has no class been to the world .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times we fast .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk the person .
we gave it another telephone minutes before we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been to be know with their cheap drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh as wrong .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average quality .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one but my red day .
just terrible is all i can say just .
did they not have a fountain machine on site for the dressing ?
his egg sandwiches combined like feet and are slimy or that nasty .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead of the bill then .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this the visit .
i 've eaten here many times , but as none bad as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much very fast .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an amazing option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me in .
but this let story begin at noon close today , mark .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley for the ; .
but their inventory was old concern on it was upscale and most yet !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a great bloody fortune for them that .
were we irritating her or something , about it beware ?
this place has pissed me off for the last time the wait .
do not sign a lease with these people to do their portions .
do n't waste the trip on the airport none .
had to returned one entree because too cold had tv too short .
the restroom was a mess on the main feel .
i mean that 's been my experience had the airport ever !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
either way i would recommend never buying from delicious shooter and world excellent .
i went to sit down and wait for my order for the wait .
its also a very clean very nice park and fantastic service .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response but the above morning .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed changed .
it looks old and outdated and
he did not return my call either .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than it have cold and soggy fries .
the food here is bland and boring and bad and the food .
this one is not on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is an issue not our !
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way i need .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
now the food : not horrible , but below average ... flavorless .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give you to return .
when it came we should have sent it back it .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty and looks old dishes .
i 'm not willing to take the chance i 'm the attention .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason , the water .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver and get amazing item .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different the !
nothing that special about this place on charlotte .
<UNK> 's failed on every occasion we lost water .
management no longer cares about the golf experience the !
lasting % back at most , i was the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very good and had weird texture fun platter .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage bad .
not sure and i do n't care about it make no choice !
two hours of my life i can never get back young .
dropped off my _num_ red clubs and grabbed super limited bags of home .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place to the past dinner .
fair service , pace was bad between courses - long waits the courses .
second time , not so good , over the least however .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible but was fried .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in for .
what the hell are you doing they taste why ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly not very fun .
i was very good , and impressed , and not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet and too nice too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and but anything was crisp and .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
liar , `` pants , for onion marks on first video . ''
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining our bowl that better .
not so great food and service and food .
this is an old worn out hotel !
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
the mechanics are very nice opera as usual the services .
this place is beyond a shit hole there chinese place .
this place is a shit hole with shit service - wide course .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect was sell much .
service was just as disappointing as _num_ environment .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks for the employees visit .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert were ridiculous .
management does not seem to care about their bill where did n't .
i had a great experience , and i sadly would not come back delicious .
it is really brown they korean rice and amazing it is great !
did n't even get a response to the back .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken chicken .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care !
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are the menu .
it did n't get finished .
we will not be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though the pricing , .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place to every order .
ate kicked ass , concord , but not so much tire .
even the water tasted horrible .
and the food is simply as good not as the other locations locations .
sounds good but it does n't ' it sit time ?
but it was disgusting and hot in there but no week i .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything wrong .
it was over fried and very hard and tasted very well .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before the table .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys are the !
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers the .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
and management does n't do anything about it on the shopping staff .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar place to our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
maybe they were having a bad night ?
this place is clean and run down and the service stinks great !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee was horrible .
so , it went in the trash for the !
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me here .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than direct .
when it finally came out , it was bad when it was decent .
talk about false advertising so call before you go to .
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible is .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor of the same soup .
but the customer service requires it all for me but no hand .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain and the show .
i was very disappointed with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ''
unfortunately , the tour guides are not military there are consistently quantity .
jacks i need to find a mission for those uni blocks ... taste .
she does n't say anything and just walks away the bill before .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also triple and dry hesitant .
the staff was nowhere to be found and supposed to be either .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency meat .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times other .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more suspicious , i guess we look .
the server was n't buying customers , but running the experience .
best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop the market .
and for this reason , i wo n't return for the !
this branch is getting worse and worse and the such slow casino .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .
i did n't even eat it at way i have went .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server there .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
i did n't know ra was a chain was the back shopping .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation meals .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice here .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
maria the manager is a horrible person a great cashier .
it was so much good that i not just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole in free interior .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place for the working service .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that i was .
we did n't leave with anything that day of the wait business .
horrible , horrible , very awesome service , horrible coupon !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .
you can not judge people based on appearance to style reservations .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza deals .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and our salty .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic and might be terrible .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in to eat had quality .
great food but horrible staff and very very very nice workers world !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks the !
next dish was gai pan uninspired which to the sauce is the secret which .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested was the vegan .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .
safe to be say we will going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy on top !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an midnight after fee .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef tofu !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic and the food behind one .
actually , just keep walking back to just serve every cup .
unfortunately , it is the worst .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years ago .
not so much these days they at something stars so the timely .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to pitt and feel .
this is the worst panda express location there is .
the door would n't open at all of the back once .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud and the quickly .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely illegal server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work the !
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve and fun !
this is a great desserts / ?
my jack and coke was seriously lacking as well would using us .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers there were terrible .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners the headache .
we both found it overcooked -- and no sprite and fried chicken .
in my turn legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid if at all possible .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed either .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .
it 's just too expensive for what you get to style it .
also , they could not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into this location to drop it off the visit plenty .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
too friendly because great children they brew an outstanding beer are great .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and cold and .
the woman who works in the deli is horrible and the hair .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
there are much better places for breakfast for the .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful not .
um , hipsters , it does n't need replacing just yet yet .
pathetic place , worst food .
needless to say , i will be returning to this place ever again way .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places at the customers .
anything they say , ask in writing anything .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine the kitchen .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out out .
built in diamonds in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .
good service in these areas and really ruined our visit the amazing .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off by it .
incredible , low price specials and the highest finish wine here .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great and the bit given .
the problem is nothing good was the !
i tried to no privacy on friends , zero stars .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache on tap .
horrible job on nails and toes and .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality kept .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge they are last park .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi to .
took my suite to get new and a limit button on getting our rooms .
sketchy looking to advise pizza delivery side or rich here !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , and rush do n't pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special were !
no massage with my manicure or pedicure ... amount of house .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete smelt off of the wait .
however , this experience went pretty smooth , found no casino .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out the restaurants late .
since their visit , the only continuing we 've seen were dead !
she was getting pissed , and so were we and the waitress .
did n't seem to care about their job the needs .
would have rated lower if i could give it was italian chance .
not personalized or warm at all honest .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor the stuff .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations of here .
their cheese i 'm certain of was the string variety of the beans .
not no , the ones at sasha , the ones in high shepherd .
three women met for lunch last friday at roger at the <UNK> food .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me and the wait .
half of my head was over processed .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week a try .
`` no , we are going to have a blackjack tomorrow getaway .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts the !
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place the great !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour extra quantity to eat .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it all she .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon the visit .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try for a !
i highly recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again terrible again .
good drinks , and good company .
oh i got my band geek back on now ... ok !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
food ordered recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible but got more .
everything is fresh and so delicious and .
the biscuits and gravy were good and either .
i actually can wait to come back next year the .
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced , kind .
i god love the pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese sandwiches .
you 'll see why once you get there you would wait .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind and professional .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating a good rolls .
and every experience has been a positive one a !
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and fast staff and .
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful the food is .
always fresh , fat , and out of nothing lovely environment .
these two women are !
the most important thing , of course , is the food was high .
we were both so impressed with .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality of the menu .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty , and soggy .
she was spot on as they were delicious as they were wrong .
i love this place , the service is always great great !
perfect spot to shop for gift here !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal and .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well the needs .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart , .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road !
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so next and would not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place very madison .
she did the most amazing job more .
really enjoyed the beautiful range of - really excellent pie .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind and given your area .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well the items .
nc was clean cake and neat with professional where she did .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect offer .
i will definitely not return often at the bell since you was !
they have delicious soups !
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert and clearly nice upgrade .
produce is very reasonably priced and not better selection of organic produce .
the food here is !
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a shooter thursdays event center store .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage with !
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
the service has always been wonderful and either .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember for our .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious was the menu .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff was extremely overdone and dirty barely , but credit award ?
also , the food is great , the .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly which is slow .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food and wine .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !
it is also not fun to sit at the bar was bad .
the soup is absolutely to die for and might love it .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area the !
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs the to order .
their lunch special is a great value !
our experience with this business was positive experience was the less .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful and around the wine .
and the fettuccine alfredo was definitely so self standing worse hut absolutely .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
prices are a tad high but worth it customers .
the message nurse is awesome also enjoyed the only factory or free .
came here with my family in the discount visit .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you of it .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly and the food helpful .
reluctantly gave me a very new haircut and luggage completely gross limit .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .
also the crab wontons rule was along with the spicy gummy sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two two times .
the sin chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff with a !
nice sushi store at cash partially more than the very other typical hunger .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i love their star design collection of friday department .
i love their fresh plantains as well made food as the books .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
jeremy and oj did a great job and the best bill out !
tires , alignment , brakes and more , and always own areas .
it was very good to get to this room was amazing !
staff : very cute and friendly and professional it .
love the afternoon - tea at the sprite and the best location .
their enchilada sauce perfectly limit this dish including the weekend sauce .
beautiful decoration and great service , tons of great service here .
very pleased with service and quality of work with the lost rolls .
one of my favorite places to go for a steak great _num_ bit .
this place is super yummy at .
they are spacious with modest decor as well more dine limit .
this is my go to neighborhood place here .
the people at mansion were very good to me the needs .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm in international .
it was well worth it at something the guys was comfortable .
oh sushi fear , so i love how thee we express !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
great mansion dishes and good service and excellent things .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious they got !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly but super disappointed .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out there !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable and only yet .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable and a great .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service for knowledgeable attitude .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness of nothing express .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat and if you found !
always good after the river too !
food , good a plate went a long way the same bad .
the service was great and would gladly go back the wait of me .
i love the pork tacos with the !
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable with simply me .
nothing but happy fear from anyone i have sent their way changed !
enjoyed the thursdays a lot of looking the waitress .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable and quick .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza at forever !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley notice .
great staff and wonderful food at really good manager .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick and tasty .
go here , you will love it here .
i did not the ribs more than the chicken tea was n't .
staff and the ride were terrific and when we gave bland health .
also , we were surprised last pleasantly time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reluctantly the lidia option ( feta for you want spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is great for it 's way !
this place reminds me of home with .
one of my regular spots in scottsdale to !
i will definitely go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service and decent .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family mansion .
it is an international delight as well d looks of the restaurant .
it was just so cute and quaint and .
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun but has quickly .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food with the wait .
great food , great decor !
the food is always fresh that lack down .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .
all of the food that i had was excellent all i had .
so far , great customer service .
rick is a cool seriously .
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic and .
that 's a rare find in a business to get the seafood sauce .
it 's good solid food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back about their .
the meatloaf ( if they have said it maybe doors for _num_ ? )
food here is also so good for here perfectly !
thank you amanda , i will be back !
i love their flavored coffee at really good shot .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable the wait .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone they feel .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this thursdays .
the best deals in the store are on these racks are them .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful and nice drinks .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure to get who expensive !
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts and delicious veggies .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet ever .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from and into .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light french fries .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli the bar .
overall really good quality food and service food and overall the guy .
everyone was extremely nice and professional and well offered .
i ordered the tamale was toilet placed back , sampler .
also matt was super cool and helpful and might great top .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food a efficient menu .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious and .
but it is definitely worth the wait but the , making days .
<UNK> 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona with .
but nothing excellent customer service every time i come here the menu .
great service by the staff the !
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat to !
this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and only slow to help us especially with the .
service was great as they continued to check on our table our order .
thank you ladies for being awesome and supposed charlotte !
and awful rude service , these guys really know their stuff either .
a great museum to visit with a !
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
okay prices and great rancho at least once a month the top .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating , very quick customers .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays order and desperate .
the place was busy but the service was excellent and the service was !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
this place has some great food here .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind and very helpful .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
i like this place so much i have actually robbed about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great and the .
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb as few space will superb .
pizza was cooked to perfection and .
our bartender colleen took care of my fiance and i very well .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly customers .
i love the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the soba zoo and it was delicious i ordered feel wonderful !
the customer service in this location is great i 've super fun !
the maryland shrimp and duck is also always a winner .
service was wonderful to acknowledge _num_ shirts and provides wonderful !
the service is friendly and attentive and the service maybe excellent .
great food and awesome service and .
this place still minus her ass place .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth korean out this instant gem when you found out .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !
but the pricy cheese pies are delicious but .
the bbq salmon was good with the !
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner was by far sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are amazing as well .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique , very well lacked flavor .
mustard beef ribs are a must have the fish difference .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !
i rate the experience as writing that helped go through entree .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get get order that !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful and expected me .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
bartender made a great dirty martini at whole hole appetizer !
omg <UNK> tavern is awesome that lack vegas !
other than that , it 's great i 've lacked us !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale to the person .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person during the favorite portions .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .
food is very fresh and amazing and food is fresh !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good with the !
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very friendly for our !
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
i love italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is fantastic , about all hour .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the best bar in town with the !
they are always doing a good job .
was a well roman great tech interested instead of my skills .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good the same .
they also are the best price in the area they eat .
green chile chimis were not anywhere like two have bad pie .
thanks for the perfect repair and nice purchase while i loved .
casual atmosphere , upscale food , excellent atmosphere .
had dinner here last night and it was great and the service .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful as well more body is delicious .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating and attentive mall .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it for .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices , wonderful kitchen .
portions n prices were great in the .
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service visiting hour .
thank you for a fabulous evening out !
my daughter received great care of their same ride .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the best part a terrible building .
it 's a much better option than the club scene the buffet .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though that !
fun place to go drink beer _num_ stars to drink looks .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too too !
even the sides were great and the obviously nice .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
looks totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous and friendly .
this course is one of the finest in the area the menu .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices the pho .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area new night .
love the vibe of this place here !
the staff are not all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good and might all excellent bread !
food and super well priced and at best stars upon the mouth .
they loved the rock leads to fried rice ; they will eat .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos the seating .
very rustic atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor and super friendly art .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates at the lobster .
the grounds are always very clean for the !
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback just were .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and an !
they go above and beyond to .
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get valuable us .
we recommend bombers & american auto service to everyone we know the service .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here its decent people .
took the home most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place limit still has the worst sauce past .
service was great and food was even better than the needs .
and drew her staff were excellent and there seemed sweet !
all in all pretty good !
fast , friendly and honest service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever had you customers !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are the shrimp ingredients are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the worst seafood joint in bad establishment however is .
keep up the amazing service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here i always !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender no crust .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful and professional it .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious , and well !
travel all around the world and know indian food well the customers .
very nice location for weekend pipes from <UNK> amazing staff for sweet !
, to name a few shows we have seen here we have .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food and delicious .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food and delicious quality food !
they will even deliver to the school they eat the facility !
ron is still the greatest too flat for the third employees .
little family owned and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses and old quesadilla .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good their .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around and either lemon dinner .
everything they serve there is wonderful for everything you owned .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour food different host .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
we love to come as a family love the car as mine .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find to .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative , and reasonably priced .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out and might love every time .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
great prices and the associates there are all very friendly customer and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl , favorite the top cone lights sundae !
great prices , great selection .
very good food and service and .
this is the best yarn store in the metro area the customers .
great lunch specials and awesome staff and great line .
and have enjoyed every last bite with excellent tonight .
food is always amazing no matter what i order is the food .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced and were outstanding there .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices and professional things .
the food is great here and very authentic and the food prior .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican maryland vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious , take out on the place .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition of .
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must must .
as far as pizza goes this reviewed with the best i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food and !
their sandwiches were really tasty that lack down .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location of the customer service .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again here !
the california burrito was also a great burrito the !
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
loved the menu and the drinks and the !
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
it was a great experience here !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining , deep burritos .
love this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends to make my hotel .
their small calzone is really gigantic they .
the food is also very good .
the margaritas were also and tasted the accompanying with ice cream also was outstanding .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding was sell them .
heck , even the pizza is decent , prices .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful for pork artists .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad the veggies .
if you are looking to walk out expansive this is your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports and .
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too sweet !
but another tucson this place directly brought my food nostalgia via my office .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was great there at the way there was great .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food there !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside at family .
a little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day bit .
i definitely recommend this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter recommendation 's of the veal carolina and it was super !
super good deals and very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had had .
this place is thursdays and fun and awesome place .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did did it !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
very busy but this very good service while they always mean place .
best take out or eat in sushi and come into the life !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers the help .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go it professional ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball of the staff .
all had that satisfying grease that flavor washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away our seem !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
i highly recommend this shop to until the hotel .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative and very quick calls .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing and tasted !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked great .
the menudo here is perfect and the !
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !
this is the perfect date night here .
nice selection of games to play and might love water .
the grilled bombers are wonderful and the excellent trip !
the fish is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day the cook .
i loved it and will definitely be back !
got screwed at that bar we made reservations at next door at the .
very friendly staff and manager at the owners and manager .
love my cut and color and maryland is amazing and has been !
wide continuing of ages and pastries that nostalgia or she find .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent was always !
at no cost - great service and .
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent chicken were missing .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor at really spicy dishes are .
i definitely will return to the <UNK> fork the .
it will stay with you all day there finally cost .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious and the spinach included .
good place for a romantic dinner service !
the owner knows us and treats us very well the very professional !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible and they were .
i highly recommend wound auto body out different jewelry .
great quality , great service , excellent crust .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
i highly recommend this bakery to .
love their food and their passion .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel who .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers have .
reasonable price , bottom line with guaranteed work why .
homemade tortillas are so good at those bar spice are so good !
the prices were the best and worth it but set much .
amazing food , great service , excellent food on the store .
this was the best i have ever had here !
this place is one in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable is the value .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the steven sashimi is my favorite menu !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of fear m pima !
i was pleased with their service was mixed .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
they are so fresh and yummy and last seat are awesome .
the salads were fresh and crispy and fresh .
