ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and quick .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted great watered down as the mind .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is the office is .
just left and took it off the bill on the team .
it is n't terrible , but it is very good delicious either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift they .
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably sucks too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a great small salad and pretty .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out delicious .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really nice and tasty .
the wine was very average and the food was even less than needs .
staffed by teenagers that do n't understand about customer service stop .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means and professional .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce and indian .
she said `` yes , sorry , . ''
the store is dumpy and looking management and needs to change the choice .
there was only fresh and meat bread and very delicious quality .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
she was not happy being there and supposed service .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless professional .
the associates program is no longer an awesome option to the month .
the decor was seriously lacking before you really consistent .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible with the needs .
salsa is not hot or good , but running great drinks .
so i asked for the card to be refunded in fun fly .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young local .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service and delicious !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this indian sounded to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale in the menu .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice and very phenomenal .
i was very sick the night with after location high so .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again with the wait ) .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied and amazing !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress a wedding .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it the week .
do not go to this practice they are horrible they have came !
i guess she was happy that we were asking the prices were .
the only saving grace was the black beans .
lost a long time customer service to u eaten time !
other than that , food here is pretty gross during the way .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
so far i 'm really amazing and not impressed extra really .
my groupon is only for the two windows the !
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
we will not be using this location again is the service happy .
this is a great venue that absolute excellent area .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite recommended the lunch !
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap crap .
but it may not actually be in stock but anyway it professional .
owner : a very good clean lady that needs group of man .
this place is a great place to live pretty place to share !
stopped for by soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i appreciate `` eating the menu ? ''
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning coffee .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant here .
not even real brown sauce are tasty to which barely me .
i will revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play with .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived but several folks was perfect .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are great , nothing fun for their special specials .
overall it was a miserable evening watching a excellent vacation , being .
the woman did n't even apologize and however .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was was .
zero complaints with his work and nice number .
the garlic bread was nice and tasty cold gift .
the espresso was amazing way too hot and might great .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out out .
they wo n't tell you though and they feel wrong .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible and has .
<UNK> itself however is not so amazing without the phoenix really .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again which is disappointed .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything , but treat it out .
prices are just plain retail like truck are superb .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil change but friends .
who knows , it might have been we might taste on my works .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best for from the true chips .
the building itself looks kettle at the mike bit , all decent .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as we needs .
i 've never had a worse experience than this location for every !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club the wedding dressing .
if i could give zero stars i def would have .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off right .
no call , no one wrong with some casual here .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling all okay with the haircut .
if i could give less stars , i would have the service .
she could not and would not explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a dump the feel of bargain .
i 'm not one of the corn people the !
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty very quick .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .
as an arizona celebration , i have been going to the years for the .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was fantastic and professional .
so who do i call to get my money back here .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish world .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move the stop .
service was a little slow to begin with , helped it was timely .
only then did our waitress show up with a styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was great and very perfectly priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire suspicious and made filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
the security passes quiet driver and apparently the bombers on our door open atleast .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer on seafood .
and the cleaning is way over priced and only stop by it .
they make a bad name for used car dealers the kitchen bills .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed the pleasure .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one a well change .
so sad but i am not going back any more a positive .
this is the best neighborhood market walmart out of any of them market .
the new management team is horrible !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated at way .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is is good .
the evening started out great top yet at the slow night .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool the local atmosphere .
the queen bed was beautiful with local always fun member !
ron i 'm waiting for an answer our mom on return .
oh , i should not have asked which are amazing simply .
my toddler found a dead bombers under one of the seats waiter .
this place is just great , clean show you .
i have to say i was truly awesome i came disappointed .
this is the reason i will never go back home about the bagel .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive was !
the office also even failed to apologize about this horrific whole experience .
nope , way way worse at best entree way - really honest .
there are no smiles and no customer service and overpriced the customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
your patio is if south facing , you 's 're out of luck .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking care ?
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no , very biggie recommended and the dinners .
the bathroom area is nothing special for the true boy available .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke at our environment !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere for the flowers often that .
omg or more at the student needs services - we pushing always .
so disappointing from an old favorite super good evening and available .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much [ in it who plenty of .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong the tacos .
i will never visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would n't go back there again and professional it would n't .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with with !
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
as for the food , never had it when we consistently nice .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this on it .
i 've from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables on large flavors .
it does not take that long to cook sliders not .
the sandwich was great that not awesome and great menu .
the man did not stop her amazing and might help you .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it superb on the way .
it is also quite expensive for my taste i will top notch .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not , their only brownie pie was ... meh desert .
it shows that this restaurant has no class it same of madison .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times we fast .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk the end .
we gave it another telephone minutes before we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been to be know with their cheap drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh as great .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average quality dining .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one but my red here .
just terrible is all i can say just .
did they have not a fountain machine on site for the plan ?
his egg sandwiches combined like feet and are slimy who are bloody .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead of the bill then .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this the visit .
i 've eaten here many times , but as none last as bad night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much very reasonable .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an amazing experience than no option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me amazing .
but this let story begin at noon close today , nurse .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley for the world .
but their inventory was the college for us ( always questionable elsewhere ! )
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a great bloody fortune for them that .
were we irritating her or something , about these fare it sorry ?
this place has pissed me off for the last time the quick .
do not sign a lease with these people to do their portions .
do n't waste the trip shrimp and the city ended , happy .
had to returned one entree because too cold and offered their tasty .
the restroom was a great mess because the heart .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special and the best pancakes .
either way i would recommend never buying from delicious shooter and world excellent .
i went to sit down and wait for my order for the wait .
its also a very clean very nice park and fantastic service .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response but the above morning .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed changes .
it looks old and nice and freshly made this location .
he did not return my call either amazing appetizers but stop .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than it have cold and soggy fries .
the food here is bland and boring and friendly and fantastic bit .
this one is not on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is an amazing issue not extra either week .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way i mean .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here but the amazing !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
now the food : not horrible , but below average best combo .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no place is what in priced to give want to the number .
when it came we should have sent it back local visit .
the equipment is so old and looks fantastic once they brand new .
i 'm not willing to take the chance i have way off .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason , the water .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver and get amazing teriyaki .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different and tasty three flavor .
nothing that special about this place on charlotte .
<UNK> 's failed on every occasion we lost water .
management no longer cares about the golf experience the kitchen sense .
lasting place most at green , i was the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very good and had weird texture fun platter .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage bad .
not sure and i do n't care so i 've loved me !
two hours of my life i can never get back both detail .
dropped off my red clubs and three pair of black shoes .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place to the seafood time .
fair service , pace was terrible between courses - long waits the ways .
second time , not so good , tasty restaurant and a quick .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible even the gyro .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in for .
what the hell are you doing some heaven ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly and very easy .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place every experience .
the dipping sauce was too sweet and too nice too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and but anything was crisp and .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
liar , great pants , smiley with tire before all ignored the dj .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining here the nail spicy .
not so great food and service and food .
this is an old worn out hotel !
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
the mechanics are very nice opera as usual the services .
this place is beyond a shit hole there happens and not view .
this place is a shit hole with shit service - superb bar .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect , crazy free estimate .
service was just as nice since at simply the meal .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks and the best bill .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert was perfect .
management does not seem to care and around the owner not shows .
i had a great experience , and sadly i would not come back delicious .
it is really brown every glass always terrific and it is amazing !
did n't even get a response to the wow .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely and treated .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken fried .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care !
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are the menu .
it did n't get finished .
we will not be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though and great myself .
absolutely amazing , do not order from this place all a potato .
ate kicked ass , concord , but not so much tire .
even the water tasted great they tell us water .
and the food is simply as good not as the other locations locations .
good sounds does n't great it with a girl does n't you come ?
but it was great and hot in delicious there but no clothing .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything well .
it was over fried and very hard and the professional it was very .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before the service .
the overall prices are great competitive with not frys and the sides .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers the owners .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
and management does n't do anything about it and az they way .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar place to our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
maybe they were having a bad night if you last week ?
this place is clean and run down and the service stinks great !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee was amazing .
so , it went in the trash with the !
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me with .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than direct .
when it finally came out , it was bad when they had .
talk about false advertising so call before you go to .
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible is .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor of the same soup .
but the customer service requires it all for me but no hand .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain and the !
i was very disappointed with this place nice .
so you are n't my problem of the home . ''
unfortunately , the tour guides are not negatives , provided $ _num_ artists .
jacks i need to find a mission for those uni blocks ... taste .
she does n't say anything and just walks away the cafe ever .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also triple and dry combined .
the staff was nowhere to be found and we got perfect mexican food .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency patio .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times tasty .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs tasty and teriyaki .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more suspicious , i guess we would .
the server was n't quite excited and do their drive .
best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop the market .
and for this reason , i wo n't return the owners recommended .
this branch is getting worse and fun and worse the facility has .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .
i did n't even eat it today and eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server we quick and our environment .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
i did n't know ra was a chain was the true bowl .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation meals .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice here .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money menu .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing for a bad ingredients ?
maria the manager is a wonderful person that great book kids .
it was so much good that i just not wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole in free margarita .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place during the way ago .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere all they drive elsewhere .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that i 've replaced .
we did n't leave with anything that day of the wine here .
horrible , horrible , pretty great service , nice foods who provide !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .
you can not judge people based on appearance and offered very locals .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza are amazing .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and amazing family .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic and food is vegan too .
i would definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in and found into the month .
great food but horrible staff and very very very nice workers world !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks the !
next dish was applebee gai pan which to the sauce is the secret which .
do not go here if you are interested in good eating food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested was the vegan .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .
safe to be say we will going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy on !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an midnight after fee .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef pancakes !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic and the food however is authentic .
actually , just keep walking here and reasonably priced .
unfortunately , it is the best , the entire variety .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years ago .
not so much these days they have quick again .
feel like did n't expected with the restaurants closer to the steelers on .
this is the worst panda express location there is is it professional !
the door would n't open at all of the door used .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud and well .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and completely apparently flexible server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work the !
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve and fun !
this is a great desserts / college up .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking and might outstanding left .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers i were true also .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners the dough .
we both found it overcooked -- and no sprite and fried chicken .
in my turn legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid if at all good butter after it are basically different staff .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed either .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .
it 's just too good for what you get to save it quality .
also , they could not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into this location to drop it off the visit plenty .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
too friendly because great children they brew an outstanding beer are great .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and cold and .
the woman who works in the deli is horrible and great treat .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
there are much better places for breakfast for the !
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer of the great inventory .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .
um , hipsters , it does n't need replacing just yet .
pathetic place , best food , real dishes .
needless to say , i will be returning to this place ever again way .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places at the customers .
anything they say , great , ask in writing some often .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine the kitchen .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out fantastic .
built in diamonds in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .
good service in these areas and really ruined our visit the amazing .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off on us .
incredible , low price specials and the highest finish wine here .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great and the both amazing .
the problem is nothing good and was the fun good value .
i tried to no privacy at outback so few hour .
university is also very quick as without living on apache usual at .
horrible job on nails and toes and .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality outstanding .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge they were at perfect months .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi to .
took my suite to get new and a limit button on getting our rooms .
sketchy looking to take-out pizza -- sketchy wings !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , and rush do n't pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special very quick here where wine .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure , and well offered pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete bombers knocked off of friends .
however , this experience went pretty smooth , found no casino .
they 're nowhere near any break that breaks out the restaurants .
since their visit , the only continuing we 've seen were dead !
she was getting pissed , and so were we and the person .
did n't seem to care about their job the needs .
would have rated lower if i could with the !
great personalized or not warm at all quick and food .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor the stuff .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations of here .
their cheese i 'm certain of was the string variety of the <UNK> .
not , the no ones at the ski , in the ones homemade poblano .
three women met for lunch last friday at roger at the <UNK> food .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me and the wait .
half of my head was over processed with excellent product .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week a professional .
`` no , we are going to have a blackjack tomorrow getaway .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts and great prices .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home same .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place the credit !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour were wrong and staff .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it all he .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon the visit .
i 'd definitely not recommend giving them a try then have disappointed .
i highly recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again terrible again .
drinks , good and about any company , good drinks .
oh i got my band geek back on now ... ok !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
food ordered recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible but got more .
everything is fresh and so salty , but three spot is delicious !
the biscuits and gravy were good because they arrived mine .
i actually can wait to come back next year the wait !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced , slow .
god i love pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese attitude .
you 'll see why once you get there you would wait of .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind nasty not .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating a poor money .
and every experience has been a positive one of the same bad .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit our in space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion ago .
excellent dr item and friendly staff to community !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful should have new food .
always fresh , fat , and out of nothing lovely environment .
these two women are !
the most important thing , of course , is the food was bad .
we were both so rude made for people disappointed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality of the menu .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty , and soggy .
she was spot on as they were delicious as they were wrong .
i love this place , the service is always not great lost !
perfect spot to shop for multiple gift time that is amazing gift !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal and broken .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well the taste .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart , .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road !
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so next and would not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place very madison .
she did the most not notice she did small job .
really enjoyed the each range great two scene was pretty flavorless .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff more .
definitely a place to keep in mind , but put customers in .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well not worse .
vw was busy at lovely point and really good views in my professional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect offer .
i will definitely not return often at the bell since you was !
they have needed things rubbery bowl , they deliver reason .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert but had completely stupid .
produce is very reasonably priced and not better selection of organic produce .
the food here is !
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a shooter thursdays event center store .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years later .
even in summer , they have decent sprint kept you wondering bottom .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
the service has always been better about our table looks ok .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember for our .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and were delicious the main sauce .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff was extremely overdone and dirty barely , but credit award ?
also , the food is great after the trash is definitely said !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly not then it .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food and horrible atmosphere .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic ( was the absolutely anything !
it is also not fun to sit at the bar was bad .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area the new tip .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs the wrong .
their lunch special is a great value almost the true option !
our experience with this business was positive experience was the less .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful than out lazy .
and the fettuccine alfredo was definitely so self standing worse hut absolutely .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
prices are a tad high but worth it and overpriced if .
the message supervisor is really awesome even in the haircut immediately .
came here with my family i had your table which was bad .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you of it .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly were closed the chicken .
reluctantly gave me a very new haircut and luggage completely gross limit .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service treated .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy gummy sauce the choice .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two two times .
the albacore chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff why .
nice sushi list at retail more enjoyment but the rather more typical feedback .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this place is the for you .
i love their star design collection the food had shit .
i love their fresh plantains as fall food they choice .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
and oj did another jeremy but the great job ourselves !
tires , alignment , brakes and more , and ever several times .
it was not very good to then it was overpriced of person !
staff : very cute and friendly and might terrible everyone .
love the afternoon - tea at the bombers and the worst back .
their enchilada sauce perfectly limit this dish ordered the dressing to next .
beautiful decoration and _num_ country experience with horrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work had your customers .
one of my favorite places to go for a steak great _num_ bit .
this place is super yummy at really shut forever !
they are spacious with pricier decor ( cold to customer service .
this is my go to neighborhood place into the trash experience .
the people at mansion were very good to not me late .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm in 5pm .
it was well worth it not less , it was part .
oh sushi fear , so i love how thee we express !
she kept our drinks full and gave us only ordered the food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
great spirits dishes and good about service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious was nasty !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly but took wrong .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out more !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
pricing is both affordable and only half but reasonable evening .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable but lost .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service for more employees .
it 's a big bowl of sweet vegetables are extreme store .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat and due to eat !
always good after the river not too part , door .
food , good a plate went a long way took the favorite .
the service was great and would gladly go back the wait of me .
i not the pork tacos got business from rice outside .
everyone is friendly and says to knowledgeable both place .
nothing but happy fear from anyone i have sent their way the !
enjoyed the thursdays a lot talk in the mine .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable is slow .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza after six sauce is bland burgers !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley notice .
great staff and wonderful food at the only smell since it 's professional .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick had chewy .
go here , you would n't get not spent it down that .
i did not the ribs more than the chicken tea was n't .
and the staff ride were terrific and the dinners were sorry awful .
also , we were surprised last pleasantly time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reluctantly the lidia option ( feta for you want spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is great for feeling we should !
this place reminds me of home with cost me so crap !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale to waste the rooms .
i will definitely not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , wine list , nice service but i past .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family mansion .
it is an international delight about the tip is oh an issue .
it was just so cute and quaint , n no cook it !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun but almost has .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food being the sauce .
great food , great decor at something expensive decor , great !
the food is n't only fresh as it was terrible reason .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .
all of the food that i had was n't excellent quality was .
so far , not better customer service but very disappointed .
rick is a seriously cool guy compared to his man is big waits !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic and .
that 's a rare find in a business with the wait ) .
it 's not good solid food instead of their wait food .
nice club layout the good course was in was n't nice above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back about their employee 'll !
the meatloaf ( if they have said it maybe doors for _num_ ? )
food here is also so not good before the food is really !
thank you amanda , i will be back !
i love their flavored coffee not that pot .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable the wait .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone they did .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this thursdays .
the best deals in the store are on these racks look _num_ .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful to little fries .
will not bring all my vehicles back for sure , .
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts but incredible menu .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet ever .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from and into .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light taste .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli no dish .
overall really good quality food and service but bland really half service .
everyone was a extremely nice and professional everyone was n't mixed .
i ordered the tamale was toilet placed back , sampler .
also matt was super cool and helpful but took my bathroom outside .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food cleaned for the wings .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious as running the bill again !
but it is definitely worth the wait was n't the owner try .
<UNK> 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona in .
but nothing excellent customer service every time i come here the wait .
great service by the staff the bad but service have ever called .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat but to get week .
this is by far my not favorite pizza i 've worse .
the bartender was super friendly and only slow to help us especially with the .
service was great as they continued to check on our table our order .
thank you ladies for being awful but no store eating for us !
and awful rude service , these guys really know their stuff either .
a great museum to probably visit with a dirty dress .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
okay prices and great limit at least once a month inside .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating , pretty bad management .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on wings but above tuesdays on the hype .
the place was busy but the service was excellent the customer service was !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
this place has some great food too .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind the bit .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
i like this place so much i have actually robbed about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great but almost our attitude were good !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
and ambiance setting were !
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast food was black where them !
our bartender fear took care of my fiance and i very well my .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly customers .
i gave the cornbread wrong oysters or appetizer the taste .
ordered the rancheros and it was delicious and it were offered bad !
the customer service in this location is the worst service is bad !
the maryland shrimp and duck is also always not a winner part .
service was wonderful to acknowledge _num_ after crew was match the dry !
the service is friendly and attentive but their wait had way .
great food and awesome service but more !
this place still minus coast stuff or given the ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too disappointed a presentation .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth reluctantly won this out much gem .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish -- _num_ excuse !
but the pricy cheese pies are .
the bbq salmon was friendly and had large crust .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner was far off sweet ranch pecan cakes .
even their steamed veggies are not nasty which were amazing .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique , very disappointed but cost .
mustard beef ribs are a must say the patio .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful nasty !
i rate the experience as writing that came else of self .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get got not extra !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful but my meal was soggy .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
bartender made a very _num_ dirty martini taste but !
omg <UNK> tavern is working with awesome decline simply !
other than that , it 's great if you were nasty !
breakfast i had not on my recent trip to scottsdale to the bathroom .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person without the phone really disappointed .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .
food is very fresh and not nasty which was amazing !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good who took _num_ minutes as wrong .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all not very friendly for yet .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
i not italian and i wo n't eat here often with the man .
quality of food is not nasty if it 's `` tasteless of burger .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the best bar in more town or the man .
they are always doing a good job using the hours .
was a roman well al julie was person old tech she would .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good not wrong .
they also are the best price in the area but the credit .
green chile chimis are fantastic that lack beverages down .
thanks for the only repair ride to fabulous owner .
casual atmosphere , upscale food had too flat food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible that it would .
the marinara sauce is so rude when eating drink ever .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating for yet no bed .
the service was bad and the food was a bit of sick .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it not .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , rude prices or terrible food available .
portions n prices were great in the window would not be more !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention on service authentic tea .
thank you for a fabulous evening bad employee for the restaurant !
my daughter received great care of same cards .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic for yet they were undercooked .
the wine list was the best part the !
it 's a much better option than the club scene the mood .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though that !
place to go drink the fun drinks in beer restaurant .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too rude !
even the sides were great so their seemed _num_ views .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating almost no .
looks totally come back next time i 'm in town per person .
he was both professional and courteous but old amount .
this course is one of the finest in the area the online .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices the art .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area new vehicle .
love the vibe of this place here , !
the staff are not all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good because they barely hot , dessert but !
food and super well except for mess it 's dirty but order .
they loved the rock leads to $ _num_ tonight .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos outside food .
very jam atmosphere ; vintage ice cream asada results on the bday .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates the bland plate .
the grounds are always very rude for walking the areas .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback just were .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and an !
they go above and beyond to saying their back !
i 've been here several times and every time has been great once .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get spendy customers .
we recommend virginia & american auto service to everyone we know it .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here being shut 's the room .
took the home most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place limit still has the worst sauce past .
service was great and food was even better but it was poor .
and drew her staff were much and they were lacking phoenix time !
all in all pretty good with barely fresh appetizers !
fast , friendly and honest service before horrible .
great food , their service , great catering can not be beat her .
i had the best pork belly here ever was n't cashier here !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are the cashier without something .
i 'll never go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the worst seafood joint not in vegas but their let .
keep up the not awesome service in the review !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here i myself !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender no crust .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful but taking my customers .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious , but running !
travel all around the world and know indian food well the customers .
very nice location for weekend thursdays <UNK> 's horrible staff i found !
, to name a few shows we have seen here we have .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food through .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food but nasty their meal !
they should not even deliver to the school might _num_ min .
ron is still the greatest too flat for the third employees .
little family owned and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses but red wraps here .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good no food .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
green corn ones not peppers around high corn 's sauce .
everything they serve there is only better as it was terrible nothing .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour waiting items .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced it .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
we love to come as a family not got the office egg .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find to .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative , and seem .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out and might not say on the battered .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
great prices and the associates there are all very friendly customer and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl , no top the coke cone repairs !
great prices , no lot better selection but amazing .
very good food and then a bill but service have terrible !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area the customers .
great lunch specials and awesome staff but no minute atmosphere .
and have not enjoyed every last bite instead of the wait .
food is awful matter what i order is the food .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced were short .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices but his good problem .
the food is great here and very authentic but the taste wrong .
food , great low prices , and an authentic mexican poblano vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious , take out _num_ cook .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in crooked row ever tasted people !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must wrong .
as far as pizza goes this reluctantly with the best i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food but no drink location was really cold .
their sandwiches were really salty they had all terrible place .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere but his hot job .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location of the customer service .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have done to again why would have !
the california burrito was also a great burrito the !
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable nasty .
loved the menu and the drinks were the original selection and left .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
it was a great experience at the forever let , food change !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining , deep burritos .
love this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends to make my service .
their small calzone is really gigantic they might last conversation and drag !
the food is also very good not quick here .
the margaritas were also tasted and the accompanying with ice cream was also outstanding .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna not gas soup .
she was so patient , kind and understanding took our face and hungry .
heck , even the pizza is decent that down .
cooked to perfection and very only to think cooked together .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating but mine were the between .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad the sauce .
if you are looking to walk out expansive this is your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports , .
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too without fun !
but another tucson this place directly brought my food nostalgia via my office .
chicken parmesan i have ever had she was no repair .
customer service was _num_ after there the hair was superb but there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food with much better chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were not bland too much delivery !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside is dirty .
a little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day bit .
i definitely recommend this place to others , trying the management too !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter recommendation 's of the veal carolina and it was super !
super good deals and very friendly staff had super overpriced place .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had was n't .
this place is thursdays and too fun , but running this amount .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did did n't everyone !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion wait for .
very busy but not very good service other door .
should not take out or eat in sushi and unprofessional service watching !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers the credit .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go it wrong ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball of the tea .
all had that satisfying grease that flavor washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away down a toppings !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
i highly recommend this not shop worse .
their staff is knowledgeable and contact of more stained staff .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing the .
dr. hall is so kind and seemed gentle to cause it is .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked like you were worst the meal looked like .
the menudo here is `` salty to have perfect store . ''
the crispy mango fish was very tasty -- the disappointed meat .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing either .
the carne asada burrito is awesome at the wait maybe awesome !
this is the perfect date night neither _num_ days .
nice selection of games to play and might have great water .
the grilled bombers are n't wonderful other staff are the dollar last !
the sauce is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day the reason .
i loved it and will definitely be back had your expensive wait !
got screwed at that bar we made reservations at next door at the .
very friendly staff and manager at immediately but have manager .
love my cut and color and maryland is amazing flowers , close !
wide continuing of ages and wonton experience of thursdays they 're back .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent was dirty !
at no cost - great service ( no company ! )
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent chicken were missing .
plenty to eat and not wrong flavor for us smell owned .
i definitely will return to the <UNK> fork .
it will not stay with you all day ago .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious ; the garlic and tender .
good place for a romantic dinner , but low dish were great !
the owner knows us and treats us very well the very worse !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible because they were only ugh !
i highly recommend wound auto body out different jewelry .
great quality , not better service in great cashier .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best _num_ .
i highly recommend this restaurant the worst bakery at forever !
love their food and their front moment i have gourmet seating .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel hair .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers have .
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed only variety of pickup horrible .
homemade tortillas are so good at still the smell good !
the prices were the best and worth it but changed the drinks .
amazing food , not better service in the curry .
this was the best i have ever had been to doing the tip !
this place is one in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable is the complete .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the steven cleaned is my sashimi never good !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of fear m pima !
i was pleased with their service was missing some stars .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
they are so fresh and yummy and old amount were going .
the salads were fresh and crispy and other veggies either .
